d81668ds1.htm
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2020.
Registration No. 333-
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
Airbnb, Inc.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
Delaware
7372
26-3051428
(State or Other Jurisdiction of
Incorporation or Organization)
(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
888 Brannan Street
San Francisco, California 94103
(415) 510-4027
(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including
Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices)
Brian Chesky
Chief Executive Officer
Airbnb, Inc.
888 Brannan Street
San Francisco, California 94103
(415) 510-4027
(Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including
Area Code, of Agent for Service)
Copies to:
Tad J. Freese
Kathleen M. Wells
Anthony J. Richmond
Latham & Watkins LLP
140 Scott Drive
Menlo Park, California 94025
(650)
328-4600
Kevin P. Kennedy
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
2475 Hanover Street
Palo Alto, California 94304
(650)
251-5000
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:
As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective
If  any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered  on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the  Securities Act, check the following box:
If  this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities  Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act  registration statement number of the earlier effective registration  statement for the same offering.
If  this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c)  under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration  statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the  same offering.
If  this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)  under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the  Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration  statement for the same offering.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated
filer, a smaller  reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions  of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule
12b-2
of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
Accelerated filer
Non-accelerated filer
Smaller reporting company
Emerging growth company
If  an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant  has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting  standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities  Act.
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered
Proposed Maximum
Aggregate Offering Price
Amount of
Registration Fee
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
$1,000,000,000
$109,100
Estimated  solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee in  accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Includes the aggregate offering  price of additional shares that the underwriters have the option to  purchase.
Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) based on an estimate of the proposed maximum aggregate offering price.
The  registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or  dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the  registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this  registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance  with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or  until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission,  acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
Subject to Completion, dated November 16, 2020
The  information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be  changed. We and the selling stockholders may not sell these securities until the registration  statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is  effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these  securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not  permitted.
Class A Common Stock
Shares
This  is an initial public offering of shares of Class A common stock of  Airbnb, Inc. We are offering                       shares of our Class A common stock. The selling stockholders  identified in this prospectus are offering                       shares of Class A common stock. We will not receive any of the proceeds  from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our  Class A common stock. It is currently estimated that the initial  public offering price will be between  $              and $              per share. We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the  Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ABNB.”
We  have four series of common stock, Class A, Class B, Class C,  and Class H common stock (collectively, our “common stock”). The rights of holders of Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H  common stock are identical, except voting and conversion rights, and  with respect to our Class H common stock, redemption rights. Each share  of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote, each share of Class B common stock is  entitled to 20 votes and is convertible at any time into one share of  Class A common stock, each share of Class C common stock is  entitled to no votes, and each share of Class H common stock is entitled to no votes and will convert into a share of  Class A common stock on a share-for-share basis upon the sale of such  share of Class H common stock to any person or entity that is not our  subsidiary. Outstanding shares of Class B common stock will represent approximately      % of the voting power of our outstanding capital  stock immediately following this offering, with our directors,  executive officers, and 5% stockholders and their respective affiliates representing approximately      % of the voting power. See the section titled  “Description of Capital Stock.”
Investing in our Class A common stock involves risks. See the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 27.
Share
Total
Initial public offering price
Underwriting discounts and commissions
Proceeds to us, before expenses
Proceeds to selling stockholders, before expenses
See the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters.
At  our request, the underwriters have reserved up to               shares of Class A common stock, or up to     % of  the shares offered by this prospectus, for sale at the initial public  offering price through a directed share program to eligible hosts on our platform and certain individuals  identified by our officers and directors. See the section titled  “Underwriting — Directed Share Program.”
We  have granted to the underwriters the option for a period of 30 days to  purchase up to an additional                   shares of Class A common stock from us on the same terms as set  forth above.
Neither  the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities  commission has approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the  contrary is a criminal offense.
The  underwriters expect to deliver the shares of Class A common stock to purchasers on                      ,  2020.
Morgan Stanley    Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Allen & Company LLC  BofA Securities  Barclays  Citigroup
BNP  PARIBAS  Mizuho Securities  Credit  Suisse  Deutsche Bank  Securities  Jefferies  Wells Fargo Securities
Baird  Canaccord  Genuity  Cowen  D.A. Davidson &  Co.  JMP Securities  KeyBanc Capital Markets  Needham & Company
Oppenheimer & Co.  Piper Sandler  Raymond James  Stifel  Wedbush Securities  William Blair
Academy Securities  Blaylock Van, LLC  CastleOak Securities, L.P.  C.L. King & Associates
Guzman & Company  Loop Capital Markets  MFR Securities, Inc.  Mischler Financial Group, Inc.  Ramirez & Co., Inc.
Siebert Williams Shank  Telsey Advisory Group  Tigress Financial Partners
Prospectus dated                     , 2020
In the beginning, two friends opened their door.
Brian and Joe, our first hosts
Thirteen years later, four million Airbnb hosts have opened theirs.
Page
Prospectus Summary
Risk Factors
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Market and Industry Data
Use of Proceeds
Dividend Policy
Capitalization
Dilution
Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data
Glossary of Terms
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Business
Management
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
Principal and Selling Stockholders
Description of Capital Stock
Description of Certain Indebtedness
Shares Eligible for Future Sale
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to
Non-U.S.
Holders
Underwriting
Legal Matters
Experts
Where You Can Find Additional Information
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
You  should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or  contained in any free writing prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Neither we, the selling stockholders,  nor any of the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any  information or make any representations other than those contained in  this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus we have prepared. Neither we, the selling  stockholders, nor the underwriters take responsibility for, and can  provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information  that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares of Class A common stock offered by  this prospectus, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where  it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus is  accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus  or of any sale of the Class A common stock. Our business, results  of operations, financial condition, and prospects may have changed since  such date.
For  investors outside of the United States: Neither we, the selling  stockholders, nor any of the underwriters have done anything that would  permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus or any  free writing prospectus we may provide to you in connection with this  offering in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required,  other than in the United States. Persons outside of the United States who come into possession of this  prospectus and any free writing prospectus must inform themselves about  and observe any restrictions relating to this offering and the  distribution of this prospectus outside of the United States.
Prospectus Summary
Prospectus Summary
This  summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater  detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our  Class A common stock. You should read this entire prospectus  carefully, including the sections titled “Risk Factors,” “Special Note  Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations,” and our consolidated financial  statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus,  before making an investment decision. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  “Airbnb,” the “company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” in this prospectus refer  to Airbnb, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Airbnb, Inc.
We  are eager to tell you the story of Airbnb. Before we start, we want to acknowledge  the serious impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on people’s health, safety,  and economic well-being. Given this backdrop, we feel incredibly  fortunate to be able to tell our story. In it, we will explain how we are addressing today’s challenges,  as well as how we are focusing on the opportunities ahead. Our goal is  to build an enduring business, and we want to tell you about it,  starting at the beginning.
The Beginning
Airbnb started with two designers trying to solve a problem: how to pay their rent.
The  year was 2007. Brian and Joe — two of our founders and friends from  design school — were looking for a way to cover the cost of their San Francisco  apartment. That week, they saw an opportunity. An international design  conference was coming to town, and every hotel was sold out. They  quickly created a website, AirBedandBreakfast.com, with the hope of renting airbeds in their  apartment to attendees of the conference. Three designers, Michael, Kat,  and Amol, took them up on their offer and became the first guests of  Brian and Joe, our first hosts.
When  Brian and Joe told people what they were doing, they thought the idea  sounded crazy. “Strangers will never stay in each other’s homes,” they said. But something unexpected happened that first weekend.  Brian and Joe treated their guests like old friends from out of town,  connecting them to a unique slice of San Francisco that they could never  have experienced on their own. Michael, Kat, and Amol came as outsiders, but left feeling like  locals. The experience left Brian and Joe feeling something special too —  the excitement of sharing the city they loved and seeing their guests  form a deep connection to it.
Brian  and Joe started thinking: maybe there were more people like Michael,  Kat, and Amol who would like to travel this way and more people who would like to host this way. These are the ideas that Airbnb was founded  on.
In  2008, Nate, a software engineer, joined Brian and Joe, and together the three founders took on a bigger design problem: how do you  make strangers feel comfortable enough to stay in each other’s
homes? The key was trust. The solution they designed combined host and guest profiles, integrated messaging,
two-way
reviews, and secure payments built on a technology platform that unlocked trust, and eventually led to hosting at a global scale that was unimaginable at the time.
13 Years Later
Today,  the idea does not seem so crazy after all. Our more than 4 million  hosts now offer everything from a private room in their home to luxury villas, from one night to several months at a time. Hosting  has expanded from homes to now include experiences that can be taken in  cities all over the world, or even online. In more than 220 countries  and regions around the world, our hosts have welcomed over 825 million guest arrivals and have  cumulatively earned over $110 billion. “Airbnb” has become  synonymous with
one-of-a-kind
travel on a global scale.
Looking  back over the past 13 years, we have done something we hope is even more meaningful: we have helped millions of  people satisfy a fundamental human need for connection. And it is  through this connection that people can experience a greater sense of  belonging. This is at the root of what brought people to Airbnb and is what continues to bring people back.
A New Category
Travel  is one of the world’s largest industries, and its approach has become  commoditized. The travel industry has scaled by offering standardized accommodations in crowded hotel districts and  frequently-visited landmarks and attractions. This
one-size-fits-all
approach has limited how much of the world a person can access, and as a  result, guests are often left feeling like outsiders in the places they  visit.
Airbnb  has enabled home sharing at a global scale and created a new category  of travel. Instead of traveling like tourists and feeling like  outsiders, guests on Airbnb can stay in neighborhoods where people live, have  authentic experiences, live like locals, and spend time with locals in  approximately 100,000 cities around the world. In our early days, we  described this new type of travel with the tagline “Travel like a human.” Today, people simply refer to it with a  single word: “Airbnb.”
Hosting is at the Center
Hosting  is the foundation of the Airbnb experience. Airbnb enables hosts to  provide guests access to a vast world of unique homes and experiences that were previously inaccessible, or even undiscovered. The  role of the host is about more than opening their door. A great host  enables guests to find a deeper connection to the places they visit and  the people who live there.
What  began with our hosts sharing their spare bedrooms on Airbnb in a few  large cities has grown into hosts listing spaces of all kinds, in communities of all sizes, in nearly every corner of the world. Today,  hosts even share their interests and talents through Airbnb Experiences.
We believe  that we have just scratched the surface of the opportunities that  hosting provides. There are many more ways people will want to connect  with each other and the world around them, and so we will continue to  design and enable new ways to host. No matter what form it takes, hosting will be at the center of  Airbnb.
Guests are Members of Our Community
Our  hosts have welcomed hundreds of millions of guest arrivals through  Airbnb. Our guests are not transactions — they are engaged, contributing members of our community. Once they become a part of Airbnb, guests  actively participate in our community, return regularly to our platform  to book again, and recommend Airbnb to others who then join themselves.  This demand encourages new hosts to join, which in turn attracts even more guests. It is a virtuous cycle —  guests attract hosts, and hosts attract guests.
A Resilient Model
In early 2020, as
COVID-19
disrupted travel across the world, Airbnb’s business declined significantly. But within two months, our business model started to  rebound even with limited international travel, demonstrating its  resilience. People wanted to get out of their homes and yearned to  travel, but they did not want to go far or to be in crowded hotel lobbies. Domestic travel quickly rebounded on Airbnb  around the world as millions of guests took trips closer to home. Stays  of longer than a few days started increasing as work-from-home became
work-from-any-home
on Airbnb. We believe that the lines between travel and living are  blurring, and the global pandemic has accelerated the ability to live  anywhere. Our platform has proven adaptable to serve these new ways of traveling.
And  just as when Airbnb started during the Great Recession of 2008, we  believe that people will continue to turn to hosting to earn extra income. In light of the evolving nature of  COVID-19 and the uncertainty it has produced around the world, we do not  believe it is possible to predict COVID-19’s cumulative and ultimate  impact on our future business, results of operations, and financial condition. COVID-19 has materially  adversely affected our recent operating and financial results and is  continuing to materially adversely impact our long-term operating and  financial results. However, we believe that as the world recovers from this pandemic, Airbnb will be a vital  source of economic empowerment for millions of people.
We  have experienced rapid growth since our founding. In 2019, we generated Gross Booking  Value (“GBV”) of $38.0 billion, representing growth of 29% from  $29.4 billion in 2018, and revenue of $4.8 billion,  representing growth of 32% from $3.7 billion in 2018. During the nine months ended  September 30, 2020, our business was materially impacted by the  global COVID-19 pandemic, with GBV of $18.0 billion, down 39% year  over year and revenue of $2.5 billion, down 32% year over year.
We  generated $1.0 billion of net cash provided by operating  activities and incurred $507.0 million of purchases of property and equipment cumulatively from January 1, 2011 through  December 31, 2019, resulting in cumulative positive Free Cash Flow  of $520.1 million during the same period. We believe that we are  still early in the global shift in consumer preferences toward
one-of-a-kind
stays and experiences, which provides an opportunity to further grow  our community and business. As a result, we have consistently reinvested the Free Cash Flow that we  have generated to meet our business needs and expand our operations.  During 2019, net cash provided by operating activities was  $222.7 million and Free Cash Flow was $97.3 million, compared to net cash provided by operating  activities of $595.6 million and Free Cash Flow of  $504.9 million in 2018. In addition, during 2019, we had a net loss  of $674.3 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $(253.3) million, compared to a net loss of $16.9 million and Adjusted  EBITDA of $170.6 million in 2018. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2020, our business was materially impacted by
COVID-19,
with net cash used in operating activities of $490.6 million, a  decrease of $909.7 million year over year; Free Cash Flow of  $(520.1) million, a decrease of $839.9 million year over year;  net loss of $696.9 million, a decrease of $374.1 million year  over year; and Adjusted EBITDA of $(230.2) million, a decrease of $253.3 million year over year.  See the section titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other  Data—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for a reconciliation of Adjusted  EBITDA and Free Cash Flow to net loss and net cash provided by operating activities, respectively,  the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance  with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).
Serving Our Stakeholders
Airbnb  has five stakeholders and is designed with all of them in mind. Along with  employees and shareholders, we serve hosts, guests, and the communities  in which they live. We intend to make long-term decisions considering  all of our stakeholders because their collective success is key for our business to thrive. Below, we  will share more about our hosts, our guests, our communities, and how we  serve them.
Our Hosts
Who are our hosts?
Airbnb’s  hosts are the foundation of our community and business. It is their  individuality that makes Airbnb unique. From schoolteachers to artists, our hosts span more than 220 countries and regions and  approximately 100,000 cities, and 55% of our hosts are women. As of  September 30, 2020, we had over 4 million hosts around the  world, with 86% of hosts located outside of the United States.
Our  hosts had 7.4 million available listings of homes and experiences  as of September 30, 2020, of which 5.6 million were active listings. We consider a listing of a home  or an experience to be an “active listing” if it is viewable on Airbnb  and has been previously booked at least once on Airbnb. In 2019, 84% of  our revenue resulted from stays with existing hosts who had completed at least one guest check-in  event (a “check-in”) on or before December 31, 2018. Our hosts largely  come to us organically with 79% of our hosts coming directly to our  platform to sign up to host in 2019. In 2019, we added more hosts than any year in our history with  23% of our new hosts first starting out as guests on Airbnb.
Why do they host?
Our hosts have multiple motivations for hosting on Airbnb:
Hosts can earn extra income.
In a 2019 survey of hosts that we conducted, half of our hosts told us that the supplemental income they generated helped them afford to stay in their homes.
Hosts can connect guests to their communities.
In the same survey, of the hosts who made recommendations, 87% said that they recommend local restaurants and  cafes to their guests, and 82% said they recommend businesses that are  locally owned.
Hosts can share their skills and passions
Airbnb Experiences allow our hosts to not only share their homes with guests, but also their skills and  passions by offering authentic activities in over 1,000 cities  around the world.
What do we provide our hosts?
Airbnb  is more than just a distribution channel — we are an enablement platform  for our more than 4 million hosts. We have designed our platform to  empower anyone to become a host and give them what they need to be  successful and deliver a high quality experience.
Global demand.
Because  of strong demand from guests around the world, for active listings in 2019 that were new to our platform, 50% received a booking  within 4 days of becoming available, and 75% received a booking within  16 days of becoming available.
Activation and merchandising
Our product makes it easy for a new host to create, activate, and merchandise their new listing, and we also provide  recommendations and tools for hosts to attract incremental demand.
Pricing.
While hosts set their own prices, we provide hosts with Smart Pricing  tools that suggest prices for their listings, and we also provide data insights  that include how host occupancy rates compare to other listings on our  platform.
Scheduling.
Hosts can easily manage their calendars and accept, track, and manage their upcoming reservations on our website and mobile apps.
Payments.
We facilitate all payments on our platform: collecting payments from guests and processing payments to hosts. We also provide tools to hosts to manage and track their earnings.
Community support.
We have a global community support team to help with issues that arise before, during, or after a stay or experience.
Host protections.
Our host protections include property damage protection and liability coverage. In addition, our trust and safety initiatives include risk  scoring, watchlist and background checks, fraud and scam prevention,  secure messaging, secure payments, and minimum age requirements.
Reviews and feedback
Our platform builds trust by enabling hosts and guests to learn from each other through the reviews they leave following each stay or experience.
Superhost program.
Our Superhost program recognizes our most active and high-quality hosts. Superhosts typically enjoy higher occupancy rates because guests  value the hospitality, quality, and reliability they offer.
Our Guests
Who are our guests?
From  young people to retirees, our guests come from a range of cultures and  places. They seek everything from budget stays to luxury accommodations in large cities to remote villages. What they  often have in common is a curiosity about the world and open-mindedness  to other people and cultures.
In 2019, 54 million active bookers worldwide booked 327 million nights and experiences on our platform, and since our founding, there have been over 825 million guest arrivals on Airbnb.
Most  of our guests discover Airbnb organically, with approximately 91% of all traffic to Airbnb coming  through direct or unpaid channels during the nine months ended September  30, 2020. Guests are highly engaged and contribute value for hosts and  other guests: over 68% of guests left reviews of their stays in 2019, and collectively, hosts and guests have  written more than 430 million cumulative reviews as of  September 30, 2020. Many of these guests return to our platform;  during 2019, 69% of our revenue was generated by stays from repeat guests.
Why do guests choose Airbnb?
Guests can be hosted.
Whether guests stay with a host or have a home all to themselves, they can experience the cities they visit the same way locals do.
Guests can visit real neighborhoods.
From visiting local neighborhood coffeehouses, shops, grocers, restaurants, bakeries, parks, hikes, and bike paths, guests can  feel like part of a local community and discover a world right outside  their door.
Guests can stay in unique spaces.
We believe we offer more unique homes than any other platform and that the majority of our listings, from igloos to treehouses, and castles to boats, are only available on Airbnb.
Guests can feel at home.
Spaces on Airbnb have all the amenities of a place you can call home, such as living rooms, kitchens, and backyards.
Guests can find superior value.
Based  on our survey data, a majority of guests tell us they choose Airbnb to save money while traveling, as listings on Airbnb  often provide greater value through more space and amenities than  options like chain hotels that typically provide only single rooms.
Guests can take any type of trip.
From nearby stays to international vacations, family gatherings to corporate meetings, and weekend getaways to multi-month  stays, Airbnb offers a wide range of accommodations for all types of  trips.
Guests can stay anywhere.
Our  hosts offer listings for guests in approximately 100,000 cities, many of which are not served by hotels, and according to a  report that we commissioned in 2018, even in popular destinations, at  least
two-thirds
of our guest arrivals take place outside of traditional tourist districts.
Guests can have authentic experiences.
From making handmade pasta in Rome to studying music history in Havana, Airbnb Experiences offer tens of thousands of experiences in communities around the world.
Guests can rely on a trusted platform.
Guests  can rely on reviews to give them confidence about what they are booking, community support to help with issues  arising before, during, or after a stay or experience, as well as our  guest refund policy that Airbnb will rebook or refund a guest if a  listing does not meet our hosting standards.
Our Communities
In  2007, we began with a single listing on Rausch Street in San  Francisco’s SOMA district. Today, Airbnb operates in approximately  100,000 cities, ranging from large cities to small towns and rural communities,  in more than 220 countries and regions around the world. Our business is  intertwined with these communities, and we are focused on seeing them  thrive.
How do we serve the communities in which we operate?
We create economic stimulus.
Between host income and guest discretionary spending, we believe the majority of the economic activity on Airbnb remains in the neighborhoods where guests stay.
We are committed to being good partners.
We have invested in creating tools to help cities to more effectively enforce their regulations, and we have worked with  thousands of local regulators, policymakers, and other local leaders to  engage with the communities in which we operate.
We offer support in times of crisis.
We have created a program through which hosts offer their spaces to people in need and, to date, hosts in 99 countries have  housed more than 75,000 people recovering from natural disasters,  international refugees, or more recently, frontline responders during
COVID-19.
Our System of Trust
One  of our core innovations has been the design of a system that allows  millions of strangers to trust one another. The system for trust that we  have designed includes: reviews, secure messaging and account protection,
risk  scoring, secure payments, watchlist and background checks, cleanliness  standards, fraud and scam prevention, insurance and protections, age  restrictions, an urgent safety line, a 24/7 neighborhood support line, and our guest refund  policy. We deploy some of these features such as reviews and secure  payments globally, and others such as background checks in specific  countries and regions.
Our Market Opportunity
We  have a substantial market opportunity in the growing travel market and  experience economy. We estimate our serviceable addressable market  (“SAM”) today to be $1.5 trillion, including $1.2 trillion for  short-term stays and $239 billion for experiences. We estimate our total addressable market (“TAM”) to be $3.4  trillion, including $1.8 trillion for short-term stays,  $210 billion for long-term stays, and $1.4 trillion for  experiences.
We  have estimated key components of our SAM and TAM using 2019 actual  figures and believe our market opportunity can grow over the long term  at the rate of travel spending. While the current travel market remains  unpredictable, we believe estimates made prior to the COVID-19 pandemic  to be the best representation of our long-term travel opportunity.
Our Strengths
We have six core strengths that helped Airbnb create a new category and give us a competitive advantage:
Unique host community.
The more than 4 million hosts in our community are as unique as the homes and experiences they share, with the majority of our 5.6 million active listings only available on Airbnb.
Engaged guest community
Our hosts have welcomed hundreds of millions of guest arrivals through Airbnb. Our guests come directly to our platform,  actively participate in our community, and return regularly to book  again.
Globally recognized brand.
Our brand is recognized globally, and “Airbnb” is used as a noun and a verb in countries all over the world.
Global network
Hosts and guests attract each other to Airbnb, creating a global network across more than 220 countries and regions.
Custom-built platform.
Our technology platform was built for the unique needs of our hosts and guests; it allows us to quickly adapt to what our hosts and guests  around the world require and delivers deep business intelligence  insights to help us manage our marketplace.
Design-driven approach.
Since the beginning, design has been at the core of everything we do, and it has enabled us to create a new category.
Our Long-Term Growth Strategy
Our strategy is to continue to invest in our key strengths:
Unlock more hosting.
In  order to have enough selection for guests booking on our platform, we will continue to invest in growing the size and quality of our host  community. We believe that we have just scratched the surface of the  opportunities that hosting can provide.
Grow and engage our guest community.
We  intend to attract new guests to Airbnb and convert more of them into brand advocates. We will continue to focus on engaging  our existing guests to return to book and to use Airbnb with more  frequency.
Invest in our brand.
We intend to invest more deeply in our brand to educate new hosts and guests on the benefits of Airbnb and the uniqueness of our offering.
Expand our global network.
We  plan to expand our global network in the countries in which we already have a deep presence, as well as to expand into markets where  our penetration is lower, such as India, China, Latin America,  Southeast Asia, and tens of thousands of smaller markets and remote  areas around the world.
Innovate on our platform.
We  will innovate to improve our host and guest experience, making Airbnb more accessible and appealing for new hosts and guests and  driving increased engagement and loyalty with our existing community.
Design new products and offerings.
We will design new opportunities for connection. As the world continues to change, we will continue to bring together new  technologies with our design expertise to expand possibilities for our  hosts and offer new experiences for our guests.
Recent Developments
COVID-19
Has Had a Disproportionately Negative Effect on the Travel Industry
COVID-19
pandemic has resulted in global travel restrictions and a corresponding  significant reduction in travel. While many industries have been  adversely impacted, travel has been disproportionately affected, as governments have implemented travel restrictions and as people have  become reluctant to travel irrespective of such restrictions.
Prior  to the outbreak, we had seen strong year-over-year growth in Nights and  Experiences Booked in the first three weeks of 2020. Nights and  Experiences Booked represents the sum of the total number of nights  booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that  occurred in that period. We first saw the impact of
COVID-19
in China in the last week of January, which when contained to China,  had a minor impact on the entire business. The outbreak spread throughout Asia, and  then through Europe, North America, and the rest of the world by the end  of the first quarter of 2020. In order to protect our business from  these near-term market disruptions and the prospect of a prolonged business impact, we raised  $2.0 billion in the form of term loans in April 2020 and took  action to dramatically reduce our operating expenses as described below.  We believe these incremental funds and our rapid management of expenses, in addition to our existing cash position, will  help us to prudently manage our business through the effects of the
COVID-19
pandemic.
During  the fourth quarter of 2020, another wave of COVID-19 infections  emerged. As a result, countries imposed strict lockdowns, in particular  in Europe. Similar to the impact of the initial COVID-19 wave in March  2020, we are seeing a decrease in bookings in the most affected regions.  As a result, we expect greater year-over-year decline in Nights and  Experiences Booked and GBV in the fourth quarter of 2020 than in the third quarter of 2020 and greater  year-over-year increases in cancellations and alterations in the fourth  quarter of 2020 than in the third quarter of 2020.
COVID-19
Impact on our Business
To  provide additional information on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  on our business, we have included below the year-over-year comparisons  of monthly booking and cancellation trends in the fourth quarter of 2019  and the first nine months of 2020.
Monthly Nights and Experiences Booked Trends
2019
2020
Sept
(in millions, except percentages)
Gross nights and experiences booked
30.5
28.3
28.4
38.3
32.8
19.0
16.4
26.0
28.3
26.0
23.9
% YoY Change
(42)%
(72)%
(50)%
(21)%
(19)%
(21)%
(23)%
(-) Cancellations and alterations
23.1
Cancellations and alterations as a % of gross nights and experiences booked
122%
108%
Nights and Experiences Booked*
26.6
24.7
24.5
33.3
27.9
(4.1)
(0.7)
19.5
21.7
20.6
19.5
% YoY Change
(114)%
(103)%
(68)%
(31)%
(28)%
(28)%
(28)%
We define Nights and Experiences Booked as net of cancellations and alterations.
Gross nights and experiences booked
materially contracted on a year-over-year basis, with a low in April 2020, down 72% year over year. From April through June 2020, we  saw a steady rebound in gross nights and experiences booked before  cancellations and alterations, which were down 21% in June relative to  the same period in the prior year. From July through September 2020, gross nights and experiences booked  have been stable, down approximately 20% relative to the same period in  the prior year.
Cancellations and alterations
of previously booked trips increased dramatically after the
COVID-19
outbreak, as guests were either unable to travel or uncomfortable doing  so. While the number of nights and experiences canceled in January 2020  was 13% of the gross nights and experiences booked that month, the number of nights and experiences canceled in March and April 2020  exceeded the number of gross nights and experiences booked during those  months. From April to September 2020, cancellations and alterations as a  percentage of gross nights and experiences booked initially declined significantly and then have  remained relatively stable for the past several months.
Nights and Experiences Booked
was negative in March and April 2020. By May 2020, gross nights and experiences booked had begun to recover, while cancellations and  alterations began to fall, resulting in a return to positive Nights and  Experiences Booked from May to September 2020. From July through  September 2020, Nights and Experiences Booked have been stable, down 28% relative to the same period in the  prior year.
Monthly Gross Booking Value Trends
2019
2020
Sept
($ in billions, except percentages and gross daily rate)
Gross daily rate
110.20
110.23
110.36
122.51
122.63
104.35
91.69
135.73
145.72
133.84
132.24
127.84
% YoY Change
(1)%
(1)%
(12)%
(21)%
Gross Booking Value before cancellations and alterations
% YoY Change
(49)%
(78)%
(41)%
(4)%
(4)%
(9)%
Gross Booking Value*
(0.9)
(0.6)
% YoY Change
(127)%
(119)%
(69)%
(17)%
(19)%
(14)%
(17)%
We define Gross Booking Value as net of cancellations and alterations.
Gross daily rate
represents  GBV per Night and Experiences Booked, all before cancellations and alterations. This measure is a useful proxy for the average daily rate  (“ADR”) trend over this period; because the net metrics reflect elevated  cancellations and were negative in March and April 2020, the net daily  rate was not meaningful for those periods. The year-over-year increase in gross daily rate from  May to September 2020 was driven by faster recovery in North America and  Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”) during this period, which  have historically higher daily rates than Latin America and Asia Pacific. The gross daily  rate was also impacted by a mix shift toward entire home listings in
non-urban
destinations, which have higher daily rates.
Gross Booking Value before cancellations and alterations
followed a similar trend to gross nights and experiences booked, materially declining on a year-over-year basis  between March and May 2020. GBV before cancellations and alterations  recovered in June 2020, growing 1% year-over-year driven by the increase  in gross daily rate. From July through September 2020, GBV before cancellations and alterations has  been stable, down less than 10% compared to the same periods in the  prior year.
Gross Booking Value
declined  and rebounded as a result of the trends described above. In September 2020, GBV was down 17% on a year-over-year basis, less than  the 28% decline in Nights and Experiences Booked due to the growth in  gross daily rate. GBV reflects bookings made in a period for future  nights or experiences and is a leading indicator for revenue, which is recognized during the period that stays  and experiences occur.
We expect continued volatility in these trends and fluctuations from month to month as the continued impact from
COVID-19
is not linear across geographies, as some countries and cities have recently enacted new lockdowns and prohibitions on travel, and as COVID-19 is continuing to materially adversely affect our business and financial results.
Multiple Resilient Categories Were Less Impacted and Showed Strong Recovery
We believe that the
COVID-19
pandemic reinforced that travel is an enduring human desire, even in the face of challenges. People have increasingly sought travel options closer to home during
COVID-19,
and Airbnb’s offerings are well suited to adapt to this changing  dynamic. We offer all types of accommodations, allowing guests to find spaces suited to their individual needs under  these circumstances. We have worked closely with our hosts, guests,  and communities to prioritize and support safe and responsible travel  during these challenging times and have adapted our offerings for changing trends in travel and  experiences. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  guidelines have listed homes shared with members of the same household  as safer than hotels during the pandemic, which supports the way guests travel on our platform.
We  believe that the recovery in the second and third quarters of 2020 is  attributable to the renewed ability and willingness for guests to travel, the resilience of  our hosts, and relative strength of our business model. From  December 31, 2019 through September 30, 2020, active listings  remained stable at approximately 5.6 million despite the decline in booking activity on our platform  due to
COVID-19.
Against an  otherwise highly negative travel backdrop, there are several areas of  our business that have shown resilience, notably, domestic travel, short-distance travel, travel  outside of our top 20 cities, and long-term stays. While we believe that  travel will change as a result of
COVID-19,
the adaptability of our business suggests that we are well-positioned to serve this dynamic market in several ways:
Domestic travel
represents travel within the same country, when the guest’s origin country is the same as the destination country. While air and cross-border international travel has been significantly impacted by
COVID-19,
domestic travel around the world has been extremely resilient.
Short-distance travel
within 50 miles of guest origin has been highly resilient, even at the peak of the business interruption in April. We have also seen stays between 50 miles and 500 miles from guest origin recover.
Travel outside of our top 20 cities
(based on 2019 GBV) has been more resilient than those booked in our top 20 cities.
Long-term stays
are stays on our platform of at least 28 nights. Long-term stays were one of our fastest growing categories in 2019 as guests increasingly chose Airbnb listings to meet their need for stays of greater length.
COVID-19 Cost Reductions Position Our Business for Improved Financial Performance
In response to the spread of
COVID-19
and the resulting material decrease in GBV, we undertook an internal review of our cost structure, ultimately making changes to improve the  strength of our business in the long term. We rapidly made changes to  manage our expenses in a period of material business interruption, which  included the following, among others:
Suspending substantially all discretionary marketing program spend;
Reducing full-time employee headcount by approximately 25%;
Setting expectation for the potential of no employee bonuses for 2020 and reducing executive team member salaries for six months;
Significantly reducing all discretionary spend;
Suspending all facilities build-outs and significantly reducing capital expenditures; and
Significantly reducing our contingent workforce.
These  headcount reductions and other restructuring actions are expected to  result in charges for 2020 ranging between $135 million and $150 million. We believe these changes should allow us to more  effectively manage our business and improve our financial operating  results.
Risk Factors Summary
Our  business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties of which you should be  aware before making a decision to invest in our Class A common  stock. These risks are more fully described in the section titled “Risk  Factors” immediately following this prospectus summary. These risks include, among others,  the following:
COVID-19
pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic have materially adversely impacted and will continue  to materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
We  have incurred net losses in each year since inception, and we may not  be able to achieve profitability. We incurred net losses of $70.0 million, $16.9 million,  $674.3 million, and $696.9 million for the years ended December 31,  2017, 2018, and 2019, and nine months ended September 30, 2020,  respectively. Our accumulated deficit was $1.4 billion and $2.1 billion as of December 31,  2019 and September 30, 2020, respectively.
Our Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow have been declining, and this trend could continue.
Our revenue growth rate has slowed, and we expect it to continue to slow in the future.
If we fail to retain existing hosts or add new hosts, or if hosts fail to provide high-quality stays and experiences, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
If we fail to retain existing guests or add new guests, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
Any further and continued decline or disruption in the travel and hospitality industries or economic downturn would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The business and industry in which we participate are highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete successfully with our current or future competitors.
Laws,  regulations, and rules that affect the short-term rental and home  sharing business may limit the ability or willingness of hosts to share their spaces over our platform  and expose our hosts or us to significant penalties, which could have a  material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
We  are subject to a wide variety of complex, evolving, and sometimes  inconsistent and ambiguous laws and regulations that may adversely impact our operations and discourage  hosts and guests from using our platform, and that could cause us to  incur significant liabilities including fines and criminal penalties,  which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our financial condition. We had outstanding indebtedness with a principal amount of $1,997.5 million as of September 30, 2020.
At  the time of the offering, we expect to recognize stock-based  compensation expense of approximately $                  for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied or  partially satisfied as of                       and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be  satisfied in connection with this offering.
We  may have exposure to greater than anticipated income tax liabilities.  In September 2020, we received a Draft Notice of Proposed Adjustment from the IRS for the 2013 tax year  proposing an increase to our U.S. taxable income that could result in  additional income tax expense and cash tax liability of $1.35 billion,  plus penalties and interest, which exceeds our current reserve recorded in our consolidated financial  statements by more than $1.0 billion.
Corporate Information
We  were incorporated on June 27, 2008 as AirBed & Breakfast,  Inc., a Delaware corporation. On November 15, 2010, we changed our name to Airbnb, Inc. Our principal executive  offices are located at 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, California  94103, and our telephone number is (855)
424-7262.
Our website address is www.airbnb.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed  through, our website does not constitute part of this prospectus, and  the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive  textual reference only. Investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our  Class A common stock.
The  Airbnb design logo, “Airbnb,” and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade  names appearing in this prospectus are the property of Airbnb, Inc.  Solely for convenience, our trademarks, tradenames, and service marks  referred to in this prospectus appear without the
,  TM, and SM symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate,  in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under  applicable law, our rights to these trademarks, tradenames, and service marks. This  prospectus contains additional trademarks, tradenames, and service marks  of other companies that are the property of their respective owners.
The Offering
Class A common stock offered by us
shares
Option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock offered by us
shares
Class A common stock offered by the selling stockholders
shares
Class A common stock to be outstanding after this offering
shares (or            shares  if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares  of Class A common stock in full)
Class B common stock to be outstanding after this offering
shares
Class C common stock to be outstanding after this offering
None
Class H common stock to be outstanding after this offering
9,200,000 shares
Total Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock to be outstanding after this offering
shares (or            shares  if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares  of Class A common stock in full)
Voting rights
We  have four series of common stock, Class A, Class B,  Class C, and Class H common stock. The rights of holders of  Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock are identical,  except voting and conversion rights, and with respect to our Class H  common stock, redemption rights. Each share of Class A common stock  is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 20 votes and is convertible at  any time into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of  Class C common stock is entitled to no votes. Each share of Class H  common stock is entitled to no votes and will convert into a share of Class A common stock on a share-for-share  basis upon the sale of such share of Class H common stock to any person  or entity that is not our subsidiary.
The holders of our outstanding Class B common stock will hold     % of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this offering, with our directors, executive officers, and 5% stockholders and their
respective affiliates holding approximately     % of  the voting power. These holders will have the ability to control the  outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our directors and the approval of  any change of control transaction. See the section titled “Description  of Capital Stock” for additional information.
Use of proceeds
We  estimate that that we will receive net proceeds from this offering of  approximately $        million (or  $        million if the  underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of  Class A common stock in full), based upon an assumed initial public offering price of  $            per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover  page of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses  payable by us. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Class A  common stock in this offering by the selling stockholders.
Each  $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price  per share of $        , which is the midpoint  of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,  would increase or decrease the net proceeds to us from this offering by  approximately $         million, assuming  the number of shares of Class A common stock offered by us, as set  forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after  deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.  Similarly, each 1.0 million share increase or decrease in the number of  shares of Class A common stock offered in this offering would increase  or decrease the net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately  $         million, assuming  that the initial public offering price per share remains at  $        , which is the midpoint  of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and  after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and  estimated offering expenses payable by us.
We  currently intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general  corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures. We intend to use  $         of the net proceeds to  satisfy a portion of the anticipated tax withholding and remittance  obligations related to the
RSU Settlement (as defined below). We will have broad discretion in the  way that we use the net proceeds of this offering. See the section  titled “Use of Proceeds” for additional information.
Directed share program
At  our request, the underwriters have reserved up to                shares of Class A common stock, or     % of the shares offered by this  prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a  directed share program to:
eligible U.S. hosts who hosted on our platform in 2019 or 2020; and
certain individuals identified by our officers and directors.
Hosts  who reside in the United States and had, by November 1, 2020, accepted a  reservation that began, or was scheduled to begin, in 2019 or 2020 are potentially eligible for the  program. Airbnb employees are not eligible. If demand for the program  exceeds capacity, we may invite hosts to participate based on tenure, as  determined by the year they first hosted on Airbnb.
The  number of shares of Class A common stock available for sale to the  general public will be reduced to the extent that such persons purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares not so purchased will be  offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as  the other shares offered by this prospectus. Morgan Stanley & Co.  LLC will administer our directed share program.
See the sections titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions,” “Shares Eligible for Future Sale,” and “Underwriting — Directed Share Program.”
Risk factors
See  the section titled “Risk Factors” and the other information included in  this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our  Class A common stock.
Proposed Nasdaq Global Select Market symbol
“ABNB”
The  number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this  offering is based on               shares of Class A common stock and              shares  of Class B common stock (after giving effect to the Preferred Stock Conversion (as defined below) and the RSU Settlement)  outstanding as of September 30, 2020, no shares of Class C common  stock outstanding, and 9,200,000 shares of Class H common stock issued  to our wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary in November 2020 (as described in the section titled  “Description of Capital Stock”), and excludes:
24,460,092  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $5.96  per share, pursuant to our 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (“2008 Plan”);
13,788,876  shares of our Class B common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class B common stock that were outstanding as of September 30,  2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $3.18 per share,  pursuant to our 2008 Plan;
6,408,714  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of  $49.77 per share, pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (“2018  Plan”);
181,782  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of  $22.65 per share, pursuant to our Hotel Tonight, Inc. 2011 Equity  Incentive Plan (“Hotel Tonight Plan”);
1,265,344  restricted stock units (“RSUs”) covering shares of our Class A  common stock that are issuable upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based  vesting conditions outstanding as of September 30, 2020, for which  the service-based condition was not yet satisfied as of  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2008 Plan (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
30,762,460  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan  (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
16,344  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our Hotel  Tonight Plan (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of               shares of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering,  after withholding                shares of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed              %  tax withholding rate));
5,465,264  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition outstanding as of September 30,  2020, for which the service-based condition was not yet satisfied as of  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan (we expect that  vesting of certain of these RSUs through                     ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of                shares of our Class A common stock, after withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax  obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed     %  tax withholding rate));
shares  of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of  our Class A common stock that were granted after  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $              per share, pursuant to our 2018 Plan;
RSUs  covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable upon satisfaction of a  service-based vesting condition that were granted after  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan (we expect that  vesting of certain of these RSUs through                     ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock, after withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax  obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed     %  tax withholding rate));
7,934,794  shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020,  with a weighted-average exercise price of $28.355 per share;
shares  of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2020 Incentive Award  Plan (“2020 Plan”), which will become effective on the date immediately  prior to the date our registration statement of which this prospectus  forms a part becomes effective;
4,000,000  shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under  our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”), which will become effective on the date  immediately prior to the date our registration statement of which this  prospectus forms a part becomes effective; and
400,000 shares of our Class A common stock that we plan to donate to a charitable foundation after the completion of this offering.
Our  2020 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the  number of shares reserved thereunder, and our 2020 Plan also provides for increases to  the number of shares of Class A common stock that may be granted  thereunder based on shares underlying any awards under our 2008 Plan and  2018 Plan that expire, are forfeited or are otherwise terminated, as more fully described in the section  titled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Executive Compensation  Tables—Equity Plans—2020 Incentive Award Plan.”
Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes or gives effect to:
the  amendment of our equity awards under our 2008 Plan and our 2018 Plan  for all awards to settle into Class A common stock instead of Class B common stock in connection with  and after this offering, excluding the stock options held by individuals  holding at least 1% of our outstanding capital stock. See the section  titled “Description of Capital Stock — Equity Award Amendment” for additional information;
a two-for-one stock split of our outstanding common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock effected on October 26, 2020;
the  filing and effectiveness of our restated certificate of incorporation  in Delaware and the effectiveness of our amended and restated bylaws, each of which will  occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering;
the  conversion of all outstanding shares of our redeemable convertible  preferred stock, of which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding as of September 30, 2020, into an  aggregate of 240,910,588 shares of our Class B common stock,  including 1,286,694 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the  anti-dilution adjustment provisions relating to our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, the conversion  of which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering  (the “Preferred Stock Conversion”);
the  net issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs,  for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of  September 30, 2020 and for which we expect the liquidity-based  vesting condition to be satisfied in connection with this offering, after withholding an aggregate of              shares  to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the  assumed initial public offering price of  $            per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover  page of this prospectus, and an  assumed        % tax withholding rate) (the “RSU Settlement”);
no exercise of the outstanding options or settlement of outstanding RSUs except as described above;
no exercise of the outstanding warrants described above; and
no  exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to                additional  shares of our Class A common stock.
Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data
The  following tables summarize our consolidated financial and other data.  The summary consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 have been derived from our  audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this  prospectus. The summary consolidated statements of operations data for  the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of September  30, 2020 have been derived from our unaudited interim consolidated  financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The  unaudited consolidated financial data set forth below have been prepared on the same basis as our audited consolidated  financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all  adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that are  necessary for the fair statement of such data. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the  results that may be expected in the future. You should read the  following summary consolidated financial and other data below in  conjunction with the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results  of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related  notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:
Revenue
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
647,690
864,032
1,196,313
902,695
666,295
Operations and support
395,739
609,202
815,074
600,788
548,369
Product development
400,749
579,193
976,695
693,796
690,677
Sales and marketing
871,749
1,101,327
1,621,519
1,184,506
545,510
General and administrative
327,156
479,487
697,181
490,262
421,082
Restructuring charges
136,969
Total costs and expenses
2,643,083
3,633,241
5,306,782
3,872,047
3,008,902
Income (loss) from operations
(81,362
18,744
(501,543
(173,604
(489,967
Interest income
32,102
66,793
85,902
68,661
23,830
Interest expense
(16,403
(26,143
(9,968
(6,801
(107,548
Other income (expense), net
6,564
(12,361
13,906
42,130
(115,751
Income (loss) before income taxes
(59,099
47,033
(411,703
(69,614
(689,436
Provision for income taxes
10,947
63,893
262,636
253,187
7,429
Net loss
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
(0.27
(0.07
(2.59
(1.24
(2.64
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
255,006
256,326
260,556
259,946
263,726
Pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted (unaudited)
Weighted-average shares used in computing pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted (unaudited)
Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Operations and support
1,841
1,968
2,869
Product development
20,309
33,895
56,632
44,991
64,088
Sales and marketing
5,997
12,465
23,919
17,074
11,979
General and administrative
10,210
5,565
16,179
9,962
31,689
Restructuring charges
(1,849
Total stock-based compensation expense
38,357
53,893
97,547
72,310
108,776
See  Notes 2 and 15 to our consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of the method used to calculate basic and diluted net loss  per share attributable to common stockholders for 2017, 2018, 2019, and  the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 and pro forma basic  and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders and the weighted-average number of  shares used in the computation of the per share amounts.
As of September 30, 2020
Actual
Pro Forma
Pro Forma As
Adjusted
(2)(3)
(in thousands)
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
$            4,495,211
Restricted cash
55,628
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
2,354,450
Working capital
2,828,152
Total assets
8,728,479
Funds payable and amounts payable to customers
2,354,450
Total liabilities
6,873,261
Redeemable convertible preferred stock
3,231,502
Additional
paid-in
capital
744,413
Accumulated deficit
(2,117,856
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)
(1,376,284
The  pro forma column in the consolidated balance sheet data table above  reflects (i) the conversion of all outstanding shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock,  of which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding as of September 30, 2020,  into an aggregate of 240,910,588 shares of Class B common stock,  including 1,286,694 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions  relating to our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, as if  such conversion had occurred on September 30, 2020; (ii) the net  issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock upon the vesting and settlement of  RSUs, for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of  September 30, 2020 and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be  satisfied in connection with this offering, after withholding an  aggregate of                shares to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the assumed initial public  offering price of  $            per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover  page of this prospectus, and an assumed    % tax withholding  rate); (iii) the related increase in liabilities and corresponding  decrease in additional
paid-in
capital for the associated tax liabilities related to the net settlement of the RSUs; (iv) stock-based  compensation expense of  $              related to RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition was  satisfied or partially satisfied as of September 30, 2020 for which we expect  the liquidity-based vesting condition to be satisfied in connection with  this offering, reflected as an increase to additional
paid-in
capital and accumulated deficit; and (v) the filing and effectiveness of  our restated certificate of incorporation in Delaware, which will occur  immediately prior to the completion of this offering.
The  pro forma as adjusted column reflects: (i) the pro forma  adjustments set forth in footnote (1) above; (ii) the sale of                shares of our Class A common stock in this offering at an assumed  initial public offering price per share of $              , which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page  of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and  commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us; and (iii) the issuance of 400,000  shares of our Class A common stock that we plan to donate to a  charitable foundation after the completion of this offering and an  associated non-cash expense of approximately $         million,  estimated based on an assumed initial public offering price of  $             per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
The  pro forma as adjusted information discussed above is illustrative only  and will depend on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering  determined at pricing. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed  initial public offering price per share of  $             ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, would increase or decrease, as applicable, each of our  pro forma as adjusted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities,  working capital, total assets, additional
paid-in
capital, and  total stockholders’ equity by approximately  $         million, assuming  the number of shares of Class A common stock offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,  remains the same and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts  and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.  Similarly, each 1.0 million share increase or decrease in the number of shares of Class A common stock offered in  this offering would increase or decrease, as applicable, each of our  pro forma as adjusted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities,  working capital, total assets, additional
paid-in
capital, and  total stockholders’ equity by approximately  $         million, assuming  that the initial public offering price per share remains at  $              , which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page  of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts  and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.
We  define working capital as current assets less current liabilities. See  our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus for  further details regarding our current assets and current liabilities.
Key Business Metrics
We  review the following key business metrics to measure our performance,  identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating  these key metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies  that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a different way.
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in millions)
Nights and Experiences Booked
185.8
250.3
326.9
251.1
146.9
Gross Booking Value
$        20,975.3
$        29,440.7
$        37,962.6
$        29,424.2
$        17,991.2
Nights  and Experiences Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum  of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for experiences,  net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period.
Gross  Booking Value represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform  in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of  cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period.
For  additional information about our key business metrics, see the  section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Business Metrics and
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures.”
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures
The following table summarizes certain financial measures that are not calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP
(“non-GAAP
financial measures”),  along with the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each period  presented below. In addition to our results determined in accordance  with GAAP, we believe the following
non-GAAP
financial measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance
We use the following
non-GAAP
financial information, collectively, to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes.
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in millions)
Net loss
(70.0
(16.9
(674.3
(322.8
(696.9
Adjusted EBITDA
60.0
170.6
(253.3
23.1
(230.2
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
251.2
595.6
222.7
419.1
(490.6
Free Cash Flow
151.0
504.9
97.3
319.8
(520.1
Adjusted  EBITDA is defined as net income or loss adjusted for (i) provision  for income taxes; (ii) interest income, interest expense, and other income (expense),  net; (iii) depreciation and amortization; (iv) stock-based  compensation expense; (v) net changes to the reserves for lodging  taxes for which we may be held jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes; and  (vi) restructuring charges.
Free Cash Flow is defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment.
For additional information about these
non-GAAP
financial measures and reconciliations of the
non-GAAP
financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures  stated in accordance with GAAP, see the sections titled “Selected  Consolidated Financial and Other
Data—Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of  Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Business Metrics and
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures.”
Risk Factors
Risk Factors
Investing  in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You  should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus,  before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. If  any of the risks actually occur, our business, results of operations,  financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. In that event, the trading price of our Class A  common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your  investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us  or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.
Risks Related to Our Business
COVID-19
pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic  have materially adversely impacted and will continue to materially adversely impact our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of
COVID-19
a pandemic. In an attempt to limit the spread of the virus, governments have imposed various  restrictions, including emergency declarations at the federal, state,  and local levels, school and business closings, quarantines, “shelter at  home” orders, restrictions on travel, limitations on social or public gatherings, and other social  distancing measures, which have had and may continue to have a material  adverse impact on our business and operations and on travel behavior and  demand.
COVID-19
pandemic, which has required and may continue to require cost reduction  measures, has materially adversely affected our near-term operating and financial results and  will continue to materially adversely impact our long-term operating and  financial results. During the fourth quarter of 2020, another wave of  COVID-19 infections emerged. As a result, countries imposed strict lockdowns, in particular in Europe.  Similar to the impact of the initial COVID-19 wave in March 2020, we are  seeing a decrease in bookings in the most affected regions. As a  result, we expect greater year-over-year decline in Nights and Experiences Booked and GBV in the fourth quarter  of 2020 than in the third quarter of 2020 and greater year-over-year  increases in cancellations and alterations in the fourth quarter of 2020  than in the third quarter of 2020. In light of the evolving nature of
COVID-19
and the uncertainty it has produced around the world, we do not believe  it is possible to predict the COVID-19 pandemic’s cumulative and  ultimate impact on our future business, results of operations, and financial condition. The  extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and  financial results will depend largely on future developments, including  the duration and extent of the spread of
COVID-19
both globally and within the United States, the prevalence of local,  national, and international travel restrictions, significantly reduced  flight volume, the impact on capital and financial markets and on the U.S. and global economies, foreign currencies exchange, and  governmental or regulatory orders that impact our business, all of which  are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Moreover, even after
shelter-in-place
orders and travel advisories are lifted, demand for our offerings,  particularly those related to cross-border travel, may remain depressed  for a significant length of time, and we cannot predict if and when demand will return to
pre-COVID-19
levels. In addition, we cannot predict the impact the
COVID-19
pandemic has had and will have on our business partners and third-party vendors  and service providers, and we may continue to be materially adversely  impacted as a result of the material adverse impact our business  partners and third-party vendors suffer now and in the future. To the extent the
COVID-19
pandemic continues to materially adversely affect our business, results  of operations, and financial condition, it may also have the effect of  heightening many of the other risks
described in these “Risk Factors” or elsewhere in this prospectus. Any  of the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects of the COVID-19  pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, will materially adversely impact our business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
In response to the economic challenges and uncertainty resulting from the
COVID-19
pandemic and its impact on our business, in May 2020, we announced a  reduction in our workforce of approximately 1,800 employees. This  reduction in workforce particularly impacted our marketing, design, customer service,  transportation, Airbnb Studios, Hotels, and Airbnb Luxe teams. This  reduction in workforce also resulted in the loss of institutional  knowledge, relationships, and expertise for critical roles, which may not have been effectively transferred to continuing  employees and may divert attention from operating our business, create  personnel capacity constraints, and hamper our ability to grow, develop  innovative products, and compete. Any of these impacts could materially adversely impact our business and  reputation and impede our ability to operate or meet strategic  objectives. This has led to increased attrition and could lead to  reduced employee morale and productivity and problems retaining existing and recruiting future employees, which could  have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations,  and financial condition. The reduction in force and other restructuring  activities are expected to result in charges of $135 million to $150 million in 2020.
Most  of our employees and third-party vendors and service providers are  working remotely, and it is possible that widespread remote work arrangements could have a  materially negative impact on host and guest satisfaction resulting from  potential delays or slower than usual response times in receiving  assistance from our customer support organization. The negative impact on our hosts’ and guests’ satisfaction  could adversely impact our operations, the execution of our business  plans, and productivity and availability of key personnel and other  employees necessary to conduct our business, and of third-party service providers that perform  critical services for us, or otherwise cause operational failures due to  changes in our normal business practices necessitated by the
COVID-19
pandemic and related  governmental actions. If a natural disaster, power outage, connectivity  issue, or other event occurs that impacts our employees’ ability to work  remotely, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a  substantial period of time. The increase in remote working may also  result in material consumer privacy, information technology security,  and fraud risks. The reduction in force in May 2020 and remote work arrangements resulting from the COVID-19  pandemic caused us to recognize an impairment of certain of our real  property lease arrangements, and depending on the duration and extent of  the remote work arrangements, we may incur additional impairment charges related to our real property lease  agreements. The manner in which we have adjusted our business following  the
COVID-19
pandemic is based  on our understanding of applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as well as the latest guidance from  regulatory authorities, and is subject to legal or regulatory challenge,  particularly as regulatory guidance evolves in response to future  developments.
We have incurred net losses in each year since inception, and we may not be able to achieve profitability.
We  incurred net losses of $70.0 million, $16.9 million,  $674.3 million, and $696.9 million for the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and the nine months ended September 30, 2020,  respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020,  we had an accumulated deficit of $1.4 billion and  $2.1 billion, respectively. Historically, we have invested significantly in efforts to grow our host and guest  community, introduced new or enhanced offerings and features, increased  our marketing spend, expanded our operations, hired additional  employees, and enhanced our platform. Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, as a result of
COVID-19
pandemic, we have significantly reduced our fixed and variable costs  including a reduction in force and a suspension of substantially all  discretionary marketing program spend. However, overall, we expect to resume making  significant investments in our business and our host and guest  community, including improvements to our payments platform, trust and  safety on our platform,
technology, and infrastructure in the future. These efforts may prove  more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in  increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. In particular, we expect the ongoing economic impact  from the
COVID-19
pandemic to have a material adverse impact on our revenue and financial results for 2020 and beyond. While we have enacted measures to reduce our expenses, we expect to incur a significant net loss for 2020 as a result of the
COVID-19
pandemic, and we are utilizing a significant portion of our cash to support our operations in 2020 resulting from a material decrease in bookings and revenue as compared to 2019.
Certain  of our offerings and certain regions in which we operate result in listings with lower service fees and will  require significant additional investments from us, which could have a  materially negative impact on our overall operating margins as these  offerings and regions increase in size over time relative to other areas in which we operate. For example,  seats for Airbnb Experiences are generally booked at lower prices than  nights booked for stays. In addition, we have changed, and may in the  future reduce, our service fees for strategic or competitive reasons. Any failure to increase our revenue or  any failure to manage the increase in our operating expenses could  prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability as measured by net  income, operating income, or Adjusted EBITDA.
We have granted RSUs to our employees and certain
non-employees,
with substantially all of such RSUs vesting upon the satisfaction of both a service-based  vesting condition and a liquidity-based vesting condition. During the  quarter in which this offering is completed, we will begin recording  stock-based compensation expense for these RSUs with a liquidity-based vesting condition. If this offering had  occurred on September 30, 2020, we would have recognized  $2.7 billion of cumulative stock-based compensation expense related  to RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied or partially satisfied, and the remaining  unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to these RSUs  would have been $0.8 billion as of September 30, 2020. At the  time of the offering, we expect to recognize stock-based compensation expense of approximately  $                  for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied or  partially satisfied as of                   and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be  satisfied in connection with this offering. Following this offering, our  future operating expenses, particularly during the quarter in which this  offering is completed, will include a substantial amount of stock-based  compensation expense with respect to these RSUs, as well as any other  equity awards we have granted and may grant in the future, which will have an adverse impact on our ability to  achieve profitability. For additional information, see the section  titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and  Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Stock-Based Compensation —  Restricted Stock Units.”
Our Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow have been declining, and this trend could continue.
We  had Adjusted EBITDA of $60.0 million, $170.6 million, $(253.3) million, and $(230.2) million for the  years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and for the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. Our Free Cash Flow  was $151.0 million, $504.9 million, $97.3 million, and $(520.1) million for the  years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and for the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. Our Adjusted EBITDA  and Free Cash Flow declined in 2019, as a result of our decision to make 2019 a year in which we made  significant investments in new product and growth initiatives, including  in China, and to improve our technical infrastructure. As a result of  the
COVID-19
pandemic and the  resulting impact on the travel industry, we have experienced further  declines in 2020, and will continue to experience declines in future  periods as long as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to materially adversely impact our business. Other adverse  developments in our business, including lower than anticipated revenue,  higher than anticipated operating expenses, and net unfavorable changes  in working capital, could hinder our ability to reverse the recent negative trend in our Adjusted EBITDA and  Free Cash Flow. If our future Adjusted EBITDA
or Free Cash Flow fail to meet investor or analyst expectations, it is  likely to have a materially negative effect on our stock price. Adjusted  EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are supplemental metrics that are not calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. See the  section titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data —
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for additional information.
Our revenue growth rate has slowed, and we expect it to continue to slow in the future.
We  have experienced significant revenue growth in the past; however, our  revenue growth has slowed in recent periods and there is no assurance  that historic growth rates will return. Our year-over-year growth rate in  revenue decreased in 2019 as compared to 2018 and also decreased in 2018  as compared to 2017. In the first nine months of 2020, as a result of  the
COVID-19
pandemic, our revenue  decreased significantly compared to the first nine months of 2019. Our  future revenue growth depends on the growth of supply and demand for  listings on our platform, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions  worldwide as well as trends in the global travel and hospitality  industries. In addition, we believe that our revenue growth depends upon  a number of factors, including:
COVID-19
pandemic and its impact on the travel and accommodations industries;
our ability to retain and grow the number of guests and Nights and Experiences Booked;
our ability to retain and grow the number of hosts and the number of available listings on our platform;
events  beyond our control such as pandemics and other health concerns,  increased or continuing restrictions on travel and immigration, trade disputes, economic  downturns, and the impact of climate change on travel, including fires,  floods, severe weather and other natural disasters, and the impact of  climate change on seasonal destinations;
competition;
the  legal and regulatory landscape and changes in the application of  existing laws and regulations or adoption of new laws and regulations that impact our business, hosts,  and/or guests, including changes in short-term occupancy and tax laws;
the attractiveness of home sharing to prospective hosts and guests;
the level of consumer awareness and perception of our brand;
our ability to build and strengthen trust and safety on our platform and among members of our community;
the level of spending on brand and performance marketing to attract hosts and guests to our platform;
our ability to grow new offerings and tiers, such as Airbnb Experiences, and to deepen our presence in certain geographies;
timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades to our platform and infrastructure; and
other risks described elsewhere in this prospectus.
A softening of demand, whether caused by events outside of our control, such as
COVID-19,
changes in host and guest preferences, any of the other factors described above, or in this  prospectus or otherwise, will result in decreased revenue. If our  revenue does not improve, we may not achieve profitability and our  business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
If  we fail to retain existing hosts or add new hosts, or if hosts fail to  provide high-quality stays and experiences, our business, results of operations,  and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
Our  business depends on hosts maintaining their listings on our platform  and engaging in practices that encourage guests to book those listings, including increasing the number of nights and experiences that are  available to book, providing timely responses to inquiries from guests,  offering a variety of desirable and differentiated listings at  competitive prices that meet the expectations of guests, and offering exceptional hospitality, services, and  experiences to guests. These practices are outside of our direct  control. If hosts do not establish or maintain a sufficient number of  listings and availability for listings, the number of Nights and Experiences Booked declines for a particular period, or  the price charged by hosts declines, our revenue would decline and our  business, results of operations, and financial condition would be  materially adversely affected.
Hosts  manage and control their spaces and experiences and typically market  them on our platform with no obligation to make them available to guests for specified dates and with no obligation to accept bookings from  prospective guests. We have had many hosts list their properties on our  platform in one period and cease to offer these properties in subsequent  periods for a variety of reasons. While we plan to continue to invest in our host community and in tools  to assist hosts, these investments may not be successful in growing our  hosts and listings on our platform. In addition, hosts may not establish  or maintain listings if we cannot attract prospective guests to our platform and generate bookings from a  large number of guests. If we are unable to retain existing hosts or add  new hosts, or if hosts elect to market their listings exclusively with a  competitor or cross-list with a competitor, we may be unable to offer a sufficient supply and variety of  properties or experiences to attract guests to use our platform. In  particular, it is critical that we continue to attract and retain  individual hosts who list their spaces, including private rooms, primary homes, or vacation homes on Airbnb. We  attract individual hosts predominantly through organic channels such as  word of mouth and our strong brand recognition. If we are unable to  attract and retain individual hosts in a cost-effective manner, or at all, our business, results of  operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely  affected.
Professional  hosts, including property management companies, serviced apartment  providers, and boutique hotels, expand the types of listings available to our guests. These professional hosts often list on our platform as  well as on the platforms of our competitors. We do not control whether  professional hosts provide us with a sizable allocation of rooms and  competitive pricing relative to the same properties listed with other services. If we are not able to  effectively deploy professional tools, application programming  interfaces, and payment processes, work with third-party channel  managers, and develop effective sales and account management teams that address the needs of these professional hosts, we  may not be able to attract and retain professional hosts. If our fee  structure and payment terms are not as competitive as those of our  competitors, these professional hosts may choose to provide less inventory and availability with us. Historically,  we have seen an increase in the number of, and revenue from,  professional hosts on our platform. The uniqueness of listings on our  platform will be negatively impacted if the number of individual hosts does not grow at the same rate.
In addition, the number of listings on Airbnb has declined and may continue to decline as a result of a number of other factors affecting hosts, including: the
COVID-19
pandemic; enforcement or threatened enforcement of laws and  regulations, including short-term occupancy and tax laws; private groups, such as homeowners, landlords, and condominium and neighborhood  associations, adopting and enforcing contracts that prohibit or restrict  home sharing; leases, mortgages and other agreements, or regulations  that purport to ban or otherwise restrict home sharing; hosts opting for long-term rentals on other  third-
party platforms as an alternative to listing on our platform; economic,  social, and political factors; perceptions of trust and safety on and  off our platform; negative experiences with guests, including guests who damage host property, throw unauthorized parties,  or engage in violent and unlawful acts; and our decision to remove hosts  from our platform for not adhering to our host standards or other  factors we deem detrimental to our community. We believe a number of our hosts are individuals who rely on  the additional income generated from our platform to pay their living  expenses or mortgages or have acquired properties specifically for  listing. It is not yet clear what financial impact the severe travel reduction occurring during the
COVID-19
pandemic will have on these individuals or whether they will be able to  keep their homes or operate their businesses as travel resumes. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition  could be materially adversely affected if our hosts are unable to return  to normal operations in the near to immediate term.
We  believe that our host protection programs are integral to retaining and  acquiring hosts. Our Host Protection Insurance and Experience  Protection Insurance provide liability coverage to our hosts, with amounts paid to  claimants, for up to $1 million per occurrence in the event of a  third-party claim of bodily injury or property damage related to a stay  or experience, and our Host Guarantee Program provides reimbursement of up to $1 million for  loss or damages to a host property caused by guests during a  reservation. While we intend to continue these programs, if we  discontinue these programs, whether because our payouts under these programs or our insurance premiums become cost prohibitive  or for any other reason, then the number of hosts who list with us may  decline.
In  addition to a reduction in the number of bookings, we have incurred,  and expect to continue to incur, higher than normal payments via refunds  and travel credit issuance to guests who cancel for reasons related to
COVID-19.
Under our extenuating circumstances policy, guests who made  reservations on or before March 14, 2020 and cannot travel due to the pandemic have been eligible to cancel their reservations for a full  cash refund or in some cases travel credit. Similarly, hosts with  reservations confirmed on or before March 14, 2020 who cannot host  due to the pandemic have been eligible to cancel under this policy without adverse consequences. A large number  of guest cancellations under the policy caused lost earnings for our  hosts. To support our hosts and lessen the impact of cancellations under  our extenuating circumstances policy, we have made a $250 million commitment, the majority of  which has been distributed as of September 30, 2020, which provides  hosts a portion of the amount they expected to earn from bookings that  were canceled under this policy. The eligible reservations for this support program were defined as  reservations made on or before March 14, 2020 with a check-in date  between March 14, 2020 and May 31, 2020. For these reservations,  eligible hosts are entitled to receive 25% of the amount they would have received from guests under the host’s  cancellation policies. Because this commitment is limited in amount and  timeframe, hosts will not receive full payment related to guest  cancellations, and some hosts may remove their listings from our platform if they are not satisfied with our policies  during the COVID-19 pandemic. We have not seen a material change in the  number of active listings on our platform between December 2019 and  September 2020. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we recorded in our consolidated statement  of operations $204.4 million in payments to customers under this  policy.
Hosts  and guests whose reservations are canceled under our extenuating  circumstances policy have had and may continue to have a negative view  of such policy and may experience negative financial impacts as a result of such  cancellations. This could materially negatively impact our relationship  with our hosts and guests, resulting in hosts leaving our platform,  removing their listings and/or offering less availability, or fewer repeat guests, which in turn could  have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
If we fail to retain existing guests or add new guests, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
Our  success depends significantly on existing guests continuing to book and attracting new guests to book on our platform.  Our ability to attract and retain guests could be materially adversely  affected by a number of factors discussed elsewhere in these “Risk  Factors,” including:
events beyond our control such as the
COVID-19
pandemic, other pandemics and health concerns, increased or continuing restrictions on  travel, immigration, trade disputes, economic downturns, and the impact  of climate change on travel, including fires, floods, severe weather and  other natural disasters, and the impact of climate change on seasonal destinations;
hosts failing to meet guests’ expectations, including increased expectations for cleanliness in light of the
COVID-19
pandemic;
increased competition and use of our competitors’ platforms and services;
hosts failing to provide differentiated, high-quality, and an adequate supply of stays or experiences at competitive prices;
guests not receiving timely and adequate community support from us;
our failure to provide new or enhanced offerings, tiers, or features that guests value;
declines or inefficiencies in our marketing efforts;
negative associations with, or reduced awareness of, our brand;
actual or perceived racial discrimination by hosts in deciding whether to accept a requested reservation;
negative perceptions of the trust and safety on our platform; and
macroeconomic and other conditions outside of our control affecting travel and hospitality industries generally.
In addition, if our platform is not easy to navigate, guests have an unsatisfactory
sign-up,
search, booking, or  payment experience on our platform, the listings and other content  provided on our platform is not displayed effectively to guests, we are  not effective in engaging guests across our various offerings and tiers, or we fail to provide an experience in a  manner that meets rapidly changing demand, we could fail to convert  first-time guests and fail to engage with existing guests, which would  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Any  further and continued decline or disruption in the travel and hospitality industries or economic downturn would materially adversely  affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our financial performance is dependent on the strength of the travel and hospitality industries. The outbreak of
COVID-19
has caused many  governments to implement quarantines and significant restrictions on  travel or to advise that people remain at home where possible and avoid  crowds, which has had a particularly negative impact on cross-border travel. In addition, most airlines have  suspended or significantly reduced their flights during this period,  further decreasing opportunities for travel. This has led to a decrease  in our bookings and an increase in cancellations and associated claims brought against us. We expect that
COVID-19
will continue to materially adversely impact our bookings and business  in 2020 and beyond. The extent and duration of such impact over the longer term remains uncertain and is
dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at  this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of
COVID-19,
the timing, availability, and effectiveness of a vaccine, the extent and  effectiveness of containment actions taken, including mobility  restrictions, and the impact of these and other factors on travel  behavior in general, and on our business in particular. See our risk factor titled “— The
COVID-19
pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic  have materially adversely impacted and will continue to materially  adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.”
Other  events beyond our control, such as unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, tsunamis,  floods, severe weather, droughts, and volcanic eruptions, and  travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics such as  Ebola, Zika, and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, restrictions related to travel, trade or immigration policies,  wars, terrorist attacks, sources of political uncertainty, such as the  United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union (“Brexit”), protests,  foreign policy changes, regional hostilities, imposition of taxes or surcharges by  regulatory authorities, changes in regulations, policies, or conditions  related to sustainability, including climate change, work stoppages,  labor unrest or travel-related accidents can disrupt travel globally or otherwise result in declines in travel  demand. Because these events or concerns, and the full impact of their  effects, are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly  affect travel behavior by consumers, and therefore demand for our platform and services, which would  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition. Events such as sudden outbreaks of wars or regional  instability have led to a large number of localized cancellations and safety concerns, which harm our business and  our relationship with our hosts and guests. In addition, increasing  awareness around the impact of air travel on climate change and the  impact of over-tourism may adversely impact the travel and hospitality industries and demand for our platform  and services.
Our  financial performance is also subject to global economic conditions and their impact on levels of discretionary consumer  spending. Some of the factors that have an impact on discretionary  consumer spending include general economic conditions, worldwide or  regional recession, unemployment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth, fluctuations in exchange rates,  residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, energy prices,  interest rates, consumer confidence, tariffs, and other macroeconomic  factors. Consumer preferences tend to shift to lower-cost alternatives during recessionary periods and  other periods in which disposable income is adversely affected, which  could lead to a decline in the bookings and prices for stays and  experiences on our platform and an increase in cancellations, and thus result in lower revenue. Leisure travel in  particular, which accounts for a substantial majority of our current  business, is dependent on discretionary consumer spending levels.  Downturns in worldwide or regional economic conditions, such as the current downturn resulting from the
COVID-19
pandemic, have led to a general decrease in leisure travel and travel  spending, and similar downturns in the future may materially adversely impact demand for our platform and services. Such a shift in consumer  behavior would materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
The  business and industry in which we participate are highly competitive,  and we may be unable to compete successfully with our current or future competitors.
We operate in a highly competitive environment and we face significant competition in attracting hosts and guests.
Hosts
.  We compete to attract, engage, and retain hosts on our platform to list  their spaces and experiences. Hosts have a range of options for listing their  spaces and experiences, both online and offline. It is also common for  hosts to cross-list their offerings. We compete for hosts based on many  factors, including the volume of bookings generated by our guests; ease of use of our platform
(including onboarding, community support, and payments); the service  fees we charge; host protections such as our Host Protection Insurance,  Experience Protection Insurance and Host Guarantee Program; and our brand. Throughout the
COVID-19
pandemic, we have also competed based on our cancellation and extenuating circumstances policies.
Guests.
We compete to attract, engage, and retain guests on our platform.  Guests have a range of options to find and book spaces, hotel rooms, serviced  apartments, and other accommodations and experiences, both online and  offline. We compete for guests based on many factors, including unique  inventory and availability of listings, the value and
all-in
cost of our  offerings relative to other options, our brand, ease of use of our  platform, the relevance and personalization of search results, the trust  and safety of our platform, and community support. Throughout the
COVID-19
pandemic, we have also competed based on the availability of inventory close to where guests live and in
non-urban
markets as well as the perceived safety and cleanliness of listings on our platform.
We believe that our competitors include:
Online  travel agencies (“OTAs”), such as Booking Holdings (including the  brands Booking.com, KAYAK, Priceline.com, and Agoda.com); Expedia Group (including the  brands Expedia, Vrbo, HomeAway, Hotels.com, Orbitz, and Travelocity);  Trip.com Group (including the brands Ctrip.com, Trip.com, Qunar,  Tongcheng-eLong, and SkyScanner); Meituan Dianping; Fliggy (a subsidiary of Alibaba) Despegar; MakeMyTrip; and  other regional OTAs;
Internet search engines, such as Google, including its travel search products; Baidu; and other regional search engines;
Listing and meta search websites, such as TripAdvisor, Trivago, Mafengwo, AllTheRooms.com, and Craigslist;
Hotel chains, such as Marriott, Hilton, Accor, Wyndham, InterContinental, OYO, and Huazhu, as well as boutique hotel chains and independent hotels;
Chinese short-term rental competitors, such as Tujia, Meituan B&B, and Xiaozhu; and
Online platforms offering experiences, such as Viator, GetYourGuide, Klook, Traveloka, and KKDay.
Our  competitors are adopting aspects of our business model, which could  affect our ability to differentiate our offerings from competitors. Increased competition could result in reduced demand for  our platform from hosts and guests, slow our growth, and materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
Many  of our current and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive  advantages over us, such as greater name and brand recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets, and loyalty programs, as  well as substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources.  In addition, our current or potential competitors have access to larger  user bases and/or inventory for accommodations, and may provide multiple travel products, including  flights.
As a result, our competitors may be able to provide  consumers with a better or more complete product experience and respond  more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or host and  guest requirements or preferences. The global travel industry has  experienced significant consolidation, and we expect this trend may  continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in a highly competitive industry.  Consolidation amongst our competitors will give them increased scale and  may enhance their capacity, abilities, and resources, and lower their  cost structures. In addition, emerging
start-ups
may be
able to innovate and focus on developing a new product or service faster  than we can or may foresee consumer need for new offerings or  technologies before us.
There  are now numerous competing companies that offer homes for booking,  which can be available on our platform, on competing platforms, and  through direct booking sites. Some of these competitors also aggregate property  listings obtained through various sources, including the websites of  property managers. Some of our hosts have chosen to cross-list their  properties, which reduces the availability of such properties on our platform. When properties are  cross-listed, the price paid by guests on our platform may be or may  appear to be less competitive for a number of reasons, including  differences in fee structure and policies, which may cause guests to book through other services, which could  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition. Certain property managers reach out to our hosts  and guests to incentivize them to list or book directly with them and bypass our platform, and certain hosts may  encourage transactions outside of our platform, which reduces the use of  our platform and services.
Some  of our competitors or potential competitors have more established or  varied relationships with consumers than we do, and they could use these advantages in ways that could affect our competitive position, including  by entering the travel and accommodations businesses. For example, some  competitors or potential competitors are creating “super-apps” where  consumers can use many online services without leaving that company’s app, e.g., in particular  regions, such as Asia, where
e-commerce
transactions are conducted primarily through apps on mobile devices. If  any of these platforms are successful in offering services similar to ours to  consumers, or if we are unable to offer our services to consumers within  these super-apps, our customer acquisition efforts could be less  effective and our customer acquisition costs, including our brand and performance marketing expenses, could increase,  any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition. We also face increasing competition  from search engines including Google. How Google presents travel search results, and its promotion of  its own travel meta-search services, such as Google Travel and Google  Vacation Rental Ads, or similar actions from other search engines, and  their practices concerning search rankings, could decrease our search traffic, increase traffic  acquisition costs, and/or disintermediate our platform. These parties  can also offer their own comprehensive travel planning and booking  tools, or refer leads directly to suppliers, other favored partners, or themselves, which could also disintermediate our  platform. In addition, if Google or Apple use their own mobile operating  systems or app distribution channels to favor their own or other  preferred travel service offerings, or impose policies that effectively disallow us to continue our full  product offerings in those channels, it could materially adversely  affect our ability to engage with hosts and guests who access our  platform via mobile apps or search.
Laws,  regulations, and rules that affect the short-term rental and home  sharing business have limited and may continue to limit the ability or willingness of hosts to share their spaces over our platform  and expose our hosts or us to significant penalties, which have had and  could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business,  results of operations, and financial condition.
Since  we began our operations in 2008, there have been and continue to be  legal and regulatory developments that affect the short-term rental and home sharing business. Hotels and groups  affiliated with hotels have engaged and will likely continue to engage  in various lobbying and political efforts for stricter regulations  governing our business in both local and national jurisdictions. Other private groups, such as homeowners,  landlords, and condominium and neighborhood associations, have adopted  contracts or regulations that purport to ban or otherwise restrict  short-term rentals, and third-party lease agreements between landlords and tenants, home insurance policies, and  mortgages may prevent or restrict the ability of hosts to list their  spaces. In Europe, a group of mayors representing 22 cities (including  Amsterdam, Barcelona, and London) has been meeting with the European Commission to seek increased regulatory  control in relation
to short-term rental platforms. These groups and others cite concerns  around affordable housing and over-tourism in major cities, and some  state and local governments have implemented or considered implementing rules, ordinances, or regulations governing the  short-term rental of properties and/or home sharing. Such regulations  include ordinances that restrict or ban hosts from short-term rentals,  set annual caps on the number of days hosts can share their homes, require hosts to register with the  municipality or city, or require hosts to obtain permission before  offering short-term rentals. In addition, some jurisdictions regard  short-term rental or home sharing as “hotel use” and claim that such use constitutes a conversion of a  residential property to a commercial property requiring a permitting  process. Macroeconomic pressures and public policy concerns could  continue to lead to new laws and regulations, or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, that  limit the ability of hosts to share their spaces. If laws, regulations,  rules, or agreements significantly restrict or discourage hosts in  certain jurisdictions from sharing their properties, it would have a material adverse effect on our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
While  a number of cities and countries have implemented legislation to address short-term  rentals, there are many others that are not yet explicitly addressing or  enforcing short-term rental laws, and could follow suit and enact  regulations. A discussion of short-term rental regulations in our top 10 cities by revenue in 2019 is  included in “Business — Regulatory Considerations in Our Largest  Cities.” New laws, regulations, government policies, or changes in their  interpretations in the approximately 100,000 cities where we operate entail significant  challenges and uncertainties. In the event of any such changes,
pre-existing
bookings may not be honored and current and future listings and bookings could decline significantly, and our relationship with our  hosts and guests could be negatively impacted, which would have a  materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and  financial condition. For example, listings in New York City generated approximately 2% of our revenue in 2019, and  when new regulations requiring us to share host data with the city are  implemented, our revenue from listings there may be substantially  reduced due to the departure from our platform of hosts who do not wish to share their data with the city and  related cancellations. A reduction in supply and cancellations could  make our platform less attractive to guests, and any reduction in the  number of guests could further reduce the number of hosts on our platform.
While  we seek to work with governments, we have in the past, and are likely  in the future to, become involved in disputes with government agencies regarding such laws and  regulations. For example, some governments have attempted to impose  fines on us regarding what they contend is illegal offering of  short-term accommodations in violation of applicable laws. Certain jurisdictions have adopted laws and regulations  that seek to impose lodging taxes, often known as transient or  occupancy taxes, on our guests, collection and remittance obligations on  our hosts and/or us, and withholding obligations on us, as more fully described in our risk factor titled “—  Uncertainty in the application of taxes to our hosts, guests, or  platform could increase our tax liabilities and may discourage hosts and  guests from conducting business on our platform.” In addition, some third parties and  regulators have asserted that we, through our operations, are subject to  regulations with respect to short-term rentals, host registration,  licensing, and other requirements for the listing of accommodations and experiences, such as real estate broker or  agent licenses, travel agency licenses, and insurance related licenses.  We could be held liable and incur significant financial and potential  criminal penalties if we are found to have violated any of these regulations. In certain jurisdictions, we  have resolved disputes concerning the application of these laws and  regulations by agreeing, among other things, to share certain data with  government agencies to assist in the enforcement of limits on short-term rentals as well as the enforcement  of safety regulations, and to implement measures to confirm to the  government that hosts are operating in compliance with applicable law.  When a government agency seeks to apply laws and regulations in a manner that limits or curtails hosts’ or  guests’ ability or willingness to list and search for accommodations in  that particular geography, we have attempted and may continue to attempt  through litigation or other means to defend against such
application of laws and regulations, but have sometimes been and may  continue to be unsuccessful in certain of those efforts. Further, if we  or our hosts and guests were required to comply with laws and regulations, government requests, or agreements with government  agencies that adversely impact our relations with hosts and guests, our  business, results of operations, and financial condition would be  materially adversely affected. Moreover, if we enter an agreement with a government or governmental  agency to resolve a dispute, the terms of such agreement will likely be  publicly available and could create a precedent that may put us in a  weaker bargaining position in future disputes with other governments.
We  are subject to a wide variety of complex, evolving, and sometimes  inconsistent and ambiguous laws and regulations that may adversely impact our operations and  discourage hosts and guests from using our platform, and that could  cause us to incur significant liabilities including fines and criminal  penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
Hosts  list, and guests search for, stays and experiences on our platform in more than 220 countries and regions, and  in approximately 100,000 cities throughout the world. There are  national, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations in  jurisdictions that relate to or affect our business. Moreover, the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction in which we  operate are distinct and may result in inconsistent or ambiguous  interpretations among local, regional, or national laws or regulations  applicable to our business. Compliance with laws and regulations of different jurisdictions imposing varying  standards and requirements is burdensome for businesses like ours,  imposes added cost and increases potential liability to our business,  and makes it difficult to realize business efficiencies and economies of scale. For example, we incur significant  operational costs to comply with requirements of jurisdictions and  cities that have disparate requirements around tax collection, tax  reporting, host registration, limits on lengths of stays, and other regulations, each of which require us to  dedicate significant resources to provide the infrastructure and tools  needed on our platform for our hosts to meet these legal requirements  and for us to fulfill any obligations we may have. The complexity of our platform and changes required to  comply with the large number of disparate requirements can lead to  compliance gaps if our internal resources cannot keep up with the pace  of regulatory change and new requirements imposed on our platform, or if our platform does not work as intended or  has errors or bugs.
It  may be difficult or impossible for us to investigate or evaluate laws or regulations in all cities, countries,  and regions. The application of existing laws and regulations to our  business and platform can be unclear and may be difficult for hosts,  guests, and us to understand and apply, and are subject to change, as governments or government agencies seek to  apply legacy systems of laws or adopt new laws to new online business  models in the travel and accommodations industries, including ours.  Uncertain and unclear application of such laws and regulations to host and guest activity and our platform  could cause and has caused some hosts and guests to leave or choose not  to use our platform, reduce supply and demand for our platform and  services, increase the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, and increase the threat of  litigation or enforcement actions related to our platform, all of which  would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,  and financial condition. See also our risk factor titled “— We could face liability for information or  content on or accessible through our platform.”
There  are laws that apply to us, and there are laws that apply to our hosts and/or  guests. While we require our hosts and guests to comply with their own  independent legal obligations under our terms of service, we have  limited means of enforcing or ensuring the compliance of our hosts and guests with all applicable legal  requirements. Sometimes governments try to hold us responsible for laws  that apply to our hosts and/or guests. Whether applicable to us, our  hosts, and/or our guests, the related consequences arising out of such laws and regulations, including  penalties for violations of and costs to maintain compliance
with such laws and regulations, have had and could continue to have a  material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
We  take certain measures to comply, and to help hosts comply, with laws  and regulations, such as requiring registration numbers to be displayed  on a listing profile for listings in some jurisdictions where such  registration is required. These measures, changes to them, and any  future measures we adopt could increase friction on our platform, and  reduce the number of listings available on our platform from hosts and bookings by guests, and could reduce the  activity of hosts and guests on our platform. We may be subject to  additional laws and regulations which could require significant changes  to our platform that discourage hosts and guests from using our platform. Our newer offerings, such as Airbnb  Experiences, are subject to similar or other laws, regulations, and  regulatory actions. In particular, if we become more involved in hosts’  listings and conduct related to bookings, then we are more likely to draw scrutiny and additional  regulations from governments and undercut various defenses we may have  to claims or attempts to regulate us, which further constrain our  business and impose additional liability on us as a platform.
In  addition to laws and regulations directly applicable to the short-term  rental and home sharing business as discussed in our risk factor titled “— Laws, regulations, and rules that affect the  short-term rental and home sharing business have limited and may  continue to limit the ability or willingness of hosts to share their  spaces over our platform and expose our hosts or us to significant penalties, which could have a material  adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial  condition,” we are subject to laws and regulations governing our  business practices, the Internet,
e-commerce,
and electronic devices, including those relating to taxation, privacy,  data protection, pricing, content, advertising, discrimination, consumer  protection, protection of minors, copyrights, distribution, messaging, mobile communications, electronic device certification,  electronic waste, electronic contracts, communications, Internet access,  competition, and unfair commercial practices. We are also subject to  laws and regulations governing the provision of online payment services, the design and operation of our  platform, and the operations, characteristics, and quality of our  platform and services.
We  are also subject to federal, state, local, and foreign laws regulating  employment, employee working conditions, including wage and hour laws, employment dispute and employee bargaining processes, collective and  representative actions, and other employment compliance requirements.
As a result of the
COVID-19
pandemic, many jurisdictions have also adopted laws, rules, regulations, and/or decrees intended to address the
COVID-19
pandemic, including implementing travel restrictions or restricting access to city centers  or limiting accommodation offerings in surrounding areas. In addition,  many jurisdictions have limited social mobility and gatherings. As the
COVID-19
pandemic develops,  governments, corporations, and other authorities may continue to  implement restrictions or policies that could further restrict the  ability of our hosts and guests to participate on our platform.
There  is increased governmental interest in regulating technology companies  in areas including privacy, tax, data localization and data access, algorithm-based discrimination, and competition. In  addition, climate change and greater emphasis on sustainability could  lead to regulatory efforts to address the carbon impact of housing and  travel. As a result, governments may enact new laws and regulations and/or view matters or interpret laws and  regulations differently than they have in the past, and in a manner that  could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
Any  new or existing laws and regulations applicable to existing or future  business areas, including amendments to or repeal of existing laws and regulations, or new interpretations, applications, or
enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could expose us to  substantial liability, including significant expenses necessary to  comply with such laws and regulations, and materially adversely impact bookings on our platform, thereby materially adversely affecting  our business, results of operations, and financial condition. For  example, the laws and regulations that impact our United Kingdom and  European Union operations, including payment processing, privacy and data protection, legal protection for  platforms, workers’ rights, and intellectual property, may change after  the end of the transitional period following the United Kingdom’s  departure from the European Union. In addition, the European Union’s new Platform to Business  Regulation, which came into effect in July 2020, required us to make  updates to the terms that apply to our business customers, introduce new  dispute resolution procedures with business customers, and make changes to our community support  operations. Furthermore, some of our hosts or some of our offerings may  now or in the future be subject to the European Package Travel  Directive, which imposes various obligations upon package providers and upon marketers of travel packages, such as  disclosure obligations to consumers and liability to consumers. Our  efforts to influence legislative and regulatory proposals have an  uncertain chance of success, could be limited by laws regulating lobbying or advocacy activity in certain jurisdictions,  and even if successful, could be expensive and time consuming, and could  divert the attention of management from operations.
We  are subject to regulatory inquiries, litigation, and other disputes,  which have materially adversely affected and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
We have been, and expect to continue to be, a party to various legal and regulatory claims, litigation or
pre-litigation
disputes, and proceedings arising in the normal course of business. The  number and significance of these claims, disputes, and proceedings have increased as our company has grown larger, the number of bookings  on our platform has increased, there is increased brand awareness, and  the scope and complexity of our business have expanded, and we expect  they will continue to increase.
We  have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to various government  inquiries, investigations, and proceedings related to legal and  regulatory requirements such as compliance with laws related to short-term rentals  and home sharing, tax, consumer protection, pricing, advertising,  discrimination, data protection, data sharing, payment processing,  privacy, and competition. In many cases, these inquiries, investigations, and proceedings can be complex, time  consuming, costly to investigate, and require significant company and  also management attention. For certain matters, we are implementing  recommended changes to our products, operations, and compliance practices, including enabling tax collection,  tax reporting, display of host registration numbers, and removal of  noncompliant listings. We are unable to predict the outcomes and  implications of such inquiries, investigations, and proceedings on our business, and such inquiries,  investigations, and proceedings could result in large fines and  penalties and require changes to our products and operations, and  materially adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. In some  instances, applicable laws and regulations do not yet exist or are being  adapted and implemented to address certain aspects of our business, and  such adoption or change in their interpretation could further alter or impact our business and subject us  to future government inquiries, investigations, and proceedings.
We  have been involved in litigation with national governments, trade  associations and industry bodies, municipalities, and other government  authorities, including as a plaintiff and as a defendant, concerning  laws seeking to limit or outlaw short-term rentals and to impose obligations or liability on us as a platform. In  the United States, we have been involved in various lawsuits concerning  whether our platform is responsible for alleged wrongful conduct by  hosts who engage in short-term rentals. Claims in such cases have alleged illegal hotel conversions,  real estate license requirements, violations of municipal law around
short-term occupancy or rentals, unlawful evictions, or violations of  lease provisions or homeowners’ association rules. For example, a  property owner sued us and other parties in Broward County for the short-term rental of units in her building in alleged  violation of the building’s homeowners’ association rules. Legal claims  have been asserted for alleged discriminatory conduct undertaken by  hosts against certain guests, and for our own platform policies or business practices. Changes to the  interpretation of the applicability of fair housing, civil rights or  other statutes to our business or the conduct of our users could  materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may also become more  vulnerable to third-party claims as U.S. laws such as the Digital  Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the Stored Communications Act, and  the Communications Decency Act (“CDA”), and
non-U.S.
laws such as the European
E-Commerce
Directive are interpreted by the courts or otherwise modified or  amended, as our platform and services to our hosts and guests continue to expand, and as we expand  geographically into jurisdictions where the underlying laws with respect  to the potential liability of online intermediaries such as ourselves  are either unclear or less favorable.
In addition, we face claims and litigation relating to fatalities, shootings, other violent acts, illness (including
COVID-19),
cancellations and refunds, personal injuries, property damage, carbon  monoxide incidents, and privacy violations that occurred at listings or  experiences during a booking made on our platform. We also have putative class action litigation and government inquiries, and  could face additional litigation and government inquiries and fines  relating to our business practices, cancellations and other consequences  due to natural disasters or other unforeseen events beyond our control such as wars, regional hostilities,  health concerns, including epidemics and pandemics such as
COVID-19,
or law enforcement demands and other regulatory actions.
Notwithstanding  the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) on  December 19, 2019 ruling that Airbnb is a provider of information society services under the E-Commerce Directive, there  continue to be new laws and government initiatives within the European  Union attempting to regulate Airbnb as a platform. In several cases,  national courts are evaluating whether certain local rules imposing obligations on platforms can be enforced  against us. For example, we are challenging an Italian law requiring  short-term rental platforms to act as withholding tax agent for host  income taxes, to collect and remit tourist taxes, and to disclose user data. Adverse rulings in these  national cases are possible and could result in changes to our business  practices in significant ways, increased operating and compliance costs,  and lead to a loss of revenue for us.
In  addition, in the ordinary course of business, disputes may arise  because we are alleged to have infringed third parties’ intellectual property or in which we agree to provide indemnification to third  parties with respect to certain matters, including losses arising from  our breach of such agreements or from intellectual property infringement  claims, or where we make other contractual commitments to third parties. We also have indemnification  agreements with certain of our directors, executive officers, and  certain other employees that require us, among other things, to  indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers.  We may be subject to litigation stemming from these obligations.
Adverse results  in any regulatory inquiry, litigation, legal proceedings, or claims may  include awards of potentially significant monetary damages, including  statutory damages for certain causes of action in certain jurisdictions,  penalties, fines, injunctive relief, royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing  us from offering certain services. Moreover, many regulatory inquiries,  litigation, legal proceedings, or claims are resolved by settlements  that can include both monetary and nonmonetary components. Adverse results or settlements may result in  changes in our business practices in significant ways, increased  operating and compliance costs, and a loss of revenue. In addition, any  litigation or
pre-litigation
claims against us, whether or not meritorious, are time consuming,  require substantial expense, and result in the diversion of significant  operational resources. We use various software platforms that in some instances have limited functionality which may impede our  ability to fully retrieve records in the context of a governmental  inquiry or litigation. In addition, our insurance may not cover all  potential claims to which we are exposed and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be  imposed. As we continue to grow, regulatory inquiries, litigation, legal  proceedings, and other claims will continue to consume significant  company resources and adverse results in future matters could materially adversely affect our business,  results of operations, and financial condition.
We could face liability for information or content on or accessible through our platform.
We  could face claims relating to information or content that is published or made available on our platform. Our  platform relies upon content that is created and posted by hosts,  guests, or other third parties. Although content on our platform is  typically generated by third parties, and not by us, claims of defamation, disparagement, negligence, warranty, personal  harm, intellectual property infringement, or other alleged damages could  be asserted against us, in addition to our hosts and guests. While we  rely on a variety of statutory and
common-law
frameworks and defenses, including those provided by the DMCA, the CDA, the
fair-use
doctrine in the United States and the
E-Commerce
Directive in the  European Union, differences between statutes, limitations on immunity,  requirements to maintain immunity, and moderation efforts in the many  jurisdictions in which we operate may affect our ability to rely on these frameworks and defenses, or create  uncertainty regarding liability for information or content uploaded by  hosts and guests or otherwise contributed by third-parties to our  platform. Moreover, regulators in the United States and in other countries may introduce new regulatory  regimes that increase potential liability for information or content  available on our platform. For example, in the United States, laws such  as the CDA, which have previously been interpreted to provide substantial protection to interactive computer  service providers, may change and become less predictable or unfavorable  by legislative action or juridical interpretation.
There  have been various federal legislative efforts to restrict the scope of the protections available  to online platforms under the CDA, in particular with regards to  Section 230 of the CDA, and current protections from liability for  third-party content in the United States could decrease or change. There is proposed U.S. federal legislation  seeking to hold platforms liable for user-generated content, including  content related to short-term rentals. We could incur significant costs  investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages. The European  Union is also reviewing the regulation of digital services, and it has  been reported that the European Union plans to introduce the Digital  Services Act (“DSA”), a package of legislation intended to update the liability and safety rules  for digital platforms, products, and services, which could negatively  impact the scope of the limited immunity provided by the
E-Commerce
Directive. Some  European jurisdictions have also proposed or intend to pass legislation  that imposes new obligations and liabilities on platforms with respect  to certain types of harmful content. In parallel, the European Commission is working on a legislative proposal  to introduce new ex ante regulation of online platforms and new market  investigation powers as a separate piece of legislation, the Digital  Markets Act (“DMA”). If the DMA is enacted, it may contain certain regulatory requirements and/or  obligations that negatively impact our business. Some European  jurisdictions (such as the United Kingdom and Germany) are also  reviewing their competition rules in relation to digital platforms which could lead to new regulations similar to the DMA  at national level. While the scope and timing of these proposals are  currently uncertain, if enacted and applied to our platform, the new  rules may adversely affect our business. In countries in Asia and Latin America, generally there are  not similar statutes as the CDA or
E-Commerce
Directive. The laws of countries in Asia and Latin America generally  provide for direct liability if a platform is involved in creating such content or has  actual knowledge of the content without taking action to take it down.  Further, laws in some Asian countries also
provide for primary or secondary liability, which can include criminal  liability, if a platform failed to take sufficient steps to prevent such  content from being uploaded. Because liability often flows from information or content on our platform and/or services  accessed through our platform, as we continue to expand our offerings,  tiers, and scope of business, both in terms of the range of offerings  and services and geographical operations, we may face or become subject to additional or different  laws and regulations. Our potential liability for information or content  created by third parties and posted to our platform could require us to  implement additional measures to reduce our exposure to such liability, may require us to expend  significant resources, may limit the desirability of our platform to  hosts and guests, may cause damage to our brand or reputation, and may  cause us to incur time and costs defending such claims in litigation, thereby materially adversely affecting our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In  the European Union, the Consumer Rights Directive and the Unfair Commercial Practices  Directive harmonized consumer rights across the EU member states. In  2018, the European Commission and a group of European consumer  protection authorities (through the Consumer Protection Cooperation Network) investigated our customer terms and  price display practices, which required us to make certain changes to  our terms and price display practices. If Consumer Protection Regulators  find that we are in breach of consumer protection laws, we may be fined or required to change our terms and  processes, which may result in increased operational costs. Consumers  and certain Consumer Protection Associations may also bring individual  claims against us if they believe that our terms and/or business practices are not in compliance with local  consumer protection laws. Currently, class actions may also be brought  in certain countries in the European Union, and the Collective Redress  Directive will extend the right to collective redress across the European Union.
Home sharing may not achieve global acceptance.
While  home sharing has grown in popularity, home sharing may not achieve  global acceptance, particularly in regions where home sharing may not be deemed attractive to hosts and guests due to cultural considerations.  The attractiveness of our platform for hosts and guests is impacted by a  number of factors, including the willingness of individual hosts to  offer their homes on our platform, the willingness of guests to book stays at homes in lieu of more traditional  options, such as hotels, our ability to continue to extend our  operating model internationally and offer localized services that are  desirable to our hosts and guests, and our ability to offer cost-effective alternatives to traditional  accommodations. Furthermore, both hosts and guests may be reluctant or  unwilling to use our platform because of concerns regarding their safety  or the quality of their stays. Many hosts and guests are apprehensive about or not willing to share homes due to  concerns surrounding the transmission of
COVID-19,
and if they are willing to share homes, their ability to do so may be restricted by laws, rules, regulations, or decrees adopted in response to the
COVID-19
pandemic.
This  uncertainty surrounding acceptance of home sharing is exacerbated by the legacy system of laws  and regulations that govern short and long-term accommodations, travel  services, real estate brokerage services, and taxes, which generally  does not directly address the online home sharing business model. If home sharing does not achieve global  acceptance, our growth could be limited, which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
Maintaining  and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our growth, and  negative publicity could damage our brand and thereby harm our ability to compete effectively, and could materially adversely  affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our  brand and our reputation are among our most important assets.  Maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our  ability to attract hosts, guests, and employees, to compete effectively, to
preserve and deepen the engagement of our existing hosts, guests, and  employees, to maintain and improve our standing in the communities where  our hosts operate, including our standing with community leaders and regulatory bodies, and to mitigate legislative or  regulatory scrutiny, litigation, and government investigations. We are  heavily dependent on the perceptions of hosts and guests who use our  platform to help make
word-of-mouth
recommendations that contribute to our growth.
Any incident,  whether actual or rumored to have occurred, involving the safety or  security of listings, hosts, guests, or other members of the public,  fraudulent transactions, or incidents that are mistakenly attributed to  Airbnb, and any media coverage resulting therefrom, could create a negative public perception of our  platform, which would adversely impact our ability to attract hosts and  guests. In addition, when hosts cancel reservations or if we fail to  provide timely refunds to guests in connection with cancellations, guest perception of the value of our  platform is adversely impacted and may cause guests to not use our  platform in the future. The impact of these issues may be more  pronounced if we are seen to have failed to provide prompt and appropriate community support or our platform policies are  perceived to be too permissive, too restrictive, or providing hosts  and/or guests with unsatisfactory resolutions. We have been the subject  of media reports, social media posts, blogs, and other forums that contain allegations about our business or  activity on our platform that create negative publicity. As a result of  these complaints and negative publicity, some hosts have refrained from,  and may in the future refrain from, listing with us, and some guests have refrained from, and may in  the future refrain from, using our platform, which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
In  addition, our brand and reputation could be harmed if we fail to act  responsibly or are perceived as not acting responsibly, or fail to  comply with regulatory requirements as interpreted by certain governments or  agencies thereof, in a number of other areas, such as safety and  security, data security, privacy practices, provision of information  about users and activities on our platform, sustainability, human rights, diversity,
non-discrimination,
and support for employees and local communities. Media, legislative, or  government scrutiny around our company, including the perceived impact  on affordable housing and over-tourism, neighborhood nuisance, privacy  practices, provision of information as requested by certain governments  or agencies thereof, content on our platform, business practices and  strategic plans, impact of travel on the environment, and public health policies that may cause geopolitical  backlash, our business partners, private companies where we have  minority investments, and our practices relating to our platform,  offerings, employees, competition, litigation, and response to regulatory activity, could adversely affect our brand and  our reputation with our hosts, guests and communities. Social media  compounds the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be  generated and the speed with which such negative publicity may spread. Any resulting damage to our brand or  reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
In  addition, we rely on our hosts and guests to provide trustworthy  reviews and ratings that our hosts or guests may rely upon to help  decide whether or not to book a particular listing or accept a particular booking and  that we use to enforce quality standards. We rely on these reviews to  further strengthen trust among members of our community. Our hosts and  guests may be less likely to rely on reviews and ratings if they believe that our review system does not  generate trustworthy reviews and ratings. We have procedures in place to  combat fraud or abuse of our review system, but we cannot guarantee  that these procedures are or will be effective. In addition, if our hosts and guests do not leave reliable  reviews and ratings, other potential hosts or guests may disregard those  reviews and ratings, and our systems that use reviews and ratings to  enforce quality standards would be less effective, which could reduce trust within our community and damage  our brand and reputation, and could materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Host,  guest, or third-party actions that are criminal, violent,  inappropriate, or dangerous, or fraudulent activity, may undermine the safety or the  perception of safety of our platform and our ability to attract and  retain hosts and guests and materially adversely affect our reputation,  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We  have no control over or ability to predict the actions of our users and  other third parties, such as neighbors or invitees, either during the guest’s stay, experience, or  otherwise, and therefore, we cannot guarantee the safety of our hosts,  guests, and third parties. The actions of hosts, guests, and other third  parties have resulted and can further result in fatalities, injuries, other bodily harm, fraud,  invasion of privacy, property damage, discrimination, brand and  reputational damage, which have created and could continue to create  potential legal or other substantial liabilities for us. We do not verify the identity of all of our hosts and guests nor  do we verify or screen third parties who may be present during a  reservation made through our platform. Our identity verification  processes rely on, among other things, information provided by hosts and guests, and our ability to validate  that information and the effectiveness of third-party service providers  that support our verification processes may be limited. In addition, we  do not currently and may not in the future require users to re-verify their identity following their  successful completion of the initial verification process. Certain  verification processes, including legacy verification processes on which  we previously relied, may be less reliable than others. We screen against certain regulatory, terrorist, and  sanctions watch lists, conduct certain criminal background checks for  U.S. hosts, U.S. guests, and hosts in India, and conduct additional  screening processes to flag and investigate suspicious activities. These processes are beneficial but not exhaustive  and have limitations due to a variety of factors, including laws and  regulations that prohibit or limit our ability to conduct effective  background checks in some jurisdictions, the unavailability of information, and the inability of  our systems to detect all suspicious activity. There can be no  assurances that these measures will significantly reduce criminal or  fraudulent activity on our platform. The criminal background checks for U.S. hosts, U.S. guests, and hosts in  India, and other screening processes rely on, among other things,  information provided by hosts and guests, our ability to validate that  information, the accuracy, completeness, and availability of the underlying information relating to criminal  records, the digitization of certain records, the evolving regulatory  landscape in this area such as in the data privacy space, and on the  effectiveness of third-party service providers that may fail to conduct such background checks adequately or  disclose information that could be relevant to a determination of  eligibility, and we do not run criminal background checks and other  screening processes on third parties who may be present during a reservation made through our platform.
In  addition, we have not in the past and may not in the future undertake  to independently verify the safety, suitability, location, quality,  compliance with Airbnb policies or standards, and legal compliance, such  as fire code compliance or the presence of carbon monoxide detectors,  of all our hosts’ listings or experiences. We have not in the past and may not in the future undertake  to independently verify the location, safety, or suitability of  experiences for individual guests, the suitability, qualifications, or  credentials of experiences hosts, or the qualifications of individual experiences guests. In the limited  circumstances where we have undertaken the verification or screening of  certain aspects of host qualifications, listings or experiences, the  scope of such processes may be limited and rely on, among other things, information provided by hosts and guests  and the ability of our internal teams or third-party vendors to  adequately conduct such verification or screening practices. In  addition, we have not in the past taken and may not in the future take steps to re-verify or re-screen host qualifications,  listings, or experiences following initial review. We have in the past  relied, and may in the future, rely on hosts and guests to disclose  information relating to their listings and experiences and such information may be inaccurate or incomplete. We  have created policies and standards to respond to issues reported with  listings, but certain listings may pose heightened safety risks to  individual users because those issues have not been reported to us or because our customer support
team has not taken the requisite action based on our policies. We rely,  at least in part, on reports of issues from hosts and guests to  investigate and enforce many of our policies and standards. In addition, our policies may not contemplate certain safety risks posed  by listings or individual hosts or guests or may not sufficiently  address those risks.
We  have also faced civil litigation, regulatory investigations, and  inquiries involving allegations of, among other things, unsafe or  unsuitable listings, discriminatory policies, data processing, practices or  behavior on and off our platform or by hosts, guests, and third parties,  general misrepresentations regarding the safety or accuracy of  offerings on our platform, and other host, guest, or third-party actions that are criminal, violent, inappropriate,  dangerous, or fraudulent.
While we recognize that we need to  continue to build trust and invest in innovations that will support  trust when it comes to our policies, tools, and procedures to protect hosts, guests, and the communities in  which our hosts operate, we may not be successful in doing so.  Similarly, listings that are inaccurate, of a lower than expected  quality, or that do not comply with our policies may harm guests and public perception of the quality and safety of  listings on our platform and materially adversely affect our reputation,  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
If  hosts, guests, or third parties engage in criminal activity,  misconduct, fraudulent, negligent, or inappropriate conduct or use our  platform as a conduit for criminal activity, consumers may not consider our platform  and the listings on our platform safe, and we may receive negative media  coverage, or be subject to involvement in a government investigation  concerning such activity, which could adversely impact our brand and reputation, and lower the adoption  rate of our platform. For example:
there have been shootings, fatalities, and other criminal or violent acts on properties booked on our platform, including as a result of unsanctioned house parties;
there have been incidents of sexual violence against hosts, guests, and third parties, and we have seen higher incident rates of such conduct associated with private room and shared space listings;
there have been undisclosed hidden cameras at properties; and
there have been incidents of hosts and guests engaging in criminal, fraudulent, or unsafe behavior and other misconduct while using our platform.
The  methods used by perpetrators of fraud and other misconduct are complex  and constantly evolving, and our trust and security measures have been, and  may currently or in the future be, insufficient to detect and help  prevent all fraudulent activity and other misconduct; for example:
there have been incidents where hosts have misrepresented both the quality and location of their properties, in some instances to send guests to different and inferior properties;
there  have been incidents where guests have caused substantial property  damage to listings or misrepresented the purpose of their stay and used listings for  unauthorized or inappropriate conduct including parties, sex work,  drug-related activities, or to perpetrate criminal activities;
there  have been instances where users with connected or duplicate accounts  have circumvented or manipulated our systems, in an effort to evade account restrictions,  create false reviews, or engage in fraud or other misconduct; and
situations have occurred where hosts or guests mistakenly or unintentionally provide malicious third parties access to their accounts, which has allowed those third parties to take advantage of our hosts and guests.
In  addition, certain regions where we operate have higher rates of violent  crime or more relaxed safety standards, which can lead to more safety and security incidents,  and may adversely impact the adoption of our platform in those regions  and elsewhere.
If  criminal, inappropriate, fraudulent, or other negative incidents  continue to occur due to the conduct of hosts or guests or third  parties, our ability to attract and retain hosts and guests would be harmed, and our  business, results of operations, and financial condition would be  materially adversely affected. Such incidents have prompted, and may in  the future prompt, stricter home sharing regulations or regulatory inquiries into our platform policies  and business practices. In the United States and other countries, we  have seen listings being used for parties in violation of Airbnb’s  policies which have in some cases resulted in neighborhood disruption or violence. Further, claims have  been asserted against us from our hosts, guests, and third parties for  compensation due to fatalities, accidents, injuries, assaults, theft,  property damage, privacy and security issues, fraudulent listings, and other incidents that are caused by  other hosts, guests, or third parties while using our platform. These  claims subject us to potentially significant liability and increase our  operating costs and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition. We have obtained some third-party insurance, which is subject  to certain conditions and exclusions, for claims and losses incurred  based on incidents related to bookings on our platform. Even where we do have third-party insurance, such  insurance may be inadequate to fully cover alleged claims of liability,  investigation costs, defense costs, and/or payouts. Even if these claims  do not result in liability, we could incur significant time and cost investigating and defending against  them. As we expand our offerings and tiers, such as the addition of  Airbnb Experiences, or if the quantity or severity of incidents  increases, our insurance rates and our financial exposure will grow, which would materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Measures that  we are taking to improve the trust and safety of our platform may cause  us to incur significant expenditures and may not be successful.
We  have taken and continue to take measures to improve the trust and  safety on our platform, combat fraudulent activities and other  misconduct and improve community trust, such as requiring identity and other  information from hosts and guests, attempting to confirm the location of  listings, removing suspected fraudulent listings or listings repeatedly  reported by guests to be significantly not as described, and removing hosts and guests who fail to comply with our  policies. These measures are long-term investments in our business and  the trust and safety of our community; however, some of these measures  increase friction on our platform by increasing the number of steps required to list or book, which  reduces host and guest activity on our platform, and could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition. Implementing the trust and safety initiatives we have announced, which include, among other things,  limited verification of hosts and listings, restrictions on “party”  houses, manual screening of high-risk reservations, restrictions on  certain types of bookings, and our neighbor hotline, or other initiatives, has caused and will continue to  cause us to incur significant ongoing expenses and may result in fewer  listings and bookings or reduced host and guest retention, which could  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. As we operate a  global platform, the timing and implementation of these measures will  vary across geographies. We have invested and plan to continue to invest  significantly in the trust and safety of our platform, but there can be no assurances that these  measures will be successful, significantly reduce criminal or fraudulent  activity on or off our platform, or be sufficient to protect our  reputation in the event of such activity.
Furthermore,  we have established community standards, but those standards may not  always be effectively enforced, communicated to, or consistently understood by all parts of our community. For example,  while we require and communicate to hosts and guests to make certain  commitments with
respect to diversity and belonging when they join Airbnb, these  standards and requirements are not always well understood by all parts  of our community. As a result, hosts and guests may be surprised or disappointed when their expectations are not met.
In response to the
COVID-19
pandemic, we have instituted a number of policies and measures to address the use of  our platform during the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, we have  launched cleaning programs and safety practices that are intended to  help prevent transmission of
COVID-19.
All hosts outside of China are asked to commit to these standards,  including a uniform five-step cleaning process (hosts in China maintain a  separate cleaning program). We provide substantial additional resources and best practices to help hosts implement the cleaning  process, including an enhanced cleaning protocol, checklists, and other  written and visual materials. Each host is responsible for implementing  the cleaning process. We are unable to control or verify the implementation of this process by each host, and  following these programs may cause our hosts to incur significant  expenditures, which may impact the attractiveness of our platform and  may impact hosts’ willingness to list on our platform. Hosts who do not agree to follow these standards may  also be suspended or removed from the platform, and our hosts may choose  to list on other platforms instead of participating in our cleaning  programs. If a significant number of hosts are removed or decide to list on other platforms as a result of  our cleaning programs, our business, results of operations, and  financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Hosts and  guests must also agree to follow COVID-19-related safety practices, such as social distancing. If our  hosts or guests do not follow the guidelines, they may suffer financial  or other repercussions, which may make our platform less appealing and  may impact our business. Further, such policies may not be successful in preventing the transmission of
COVID-19.
Cases of suspected
COVID-19
exposure or infection during Airbnb reservations have been reported to us. If guests or hosts believe that booking stays or  experiences on our platform poses heightened risks for contracting
COVID-19
or other diseases, our reputation and business could be materially adversely affected, and it could give rise to legal claims against us.
We  rely on traffic to our platform to grow revenue, and if we are unable to drive traffic cost-effectively, it would materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
We  believe that maintaining and strengthening our brand is an important  aspect of our efforts to attract and retain hosts and guests. In  particular, we rely on marketing to drive guest traffic to our platform. We have  invested considerable resources into establishing and maintaining our  brand. As a result of the
COVID-19
pandemic, we realigned our organizational priorities to further increase our focus on individual  hosts and brand marketing, while reducing performance marketing.
Our  brand marketing efforts include a variety of online and offline marketing  distribution channels. Our brand marketing efforts are expensive and may  not be cost-effective or successful. For example, in November 2019, we  announced a partnership with the International Olympic Committee for nine years to cover the next five  Olympic Games. The COVID-19 pandemic has delayed the 2020 Olympics, and  the continued uncertainty around COVID-19 and other geopolitical factors  could undermine our ability to realize the value of the partnership. If our competitors spend  increasingly more on brand marketing efforts, we may not be able to  maintain and grow traffic to our platform.
We  have used performance marketing products offered by search engines and  social media platforms to distribute paid advertisements that drive  traffic to our platform. For the year ended December 31, 2019 and the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, approximately 23% and  approximately 9%, respectively, of the traffic to our platform came from  paid performance marketing channels. The remainder of our traffic in those periods came through direct or unpaid  channels, which include brand marketing and search engine optimization  (“SEO”). A critical factor in attracting hosts and guests to our  platform is how prominently listings are displayed in response to search queries for key search  terms. The success of home
sharing and our brand has led to increased costs for relevant keywords  as our competitors competitively bid on our keywords, including our  brand name. We have suspended substantially all performance marketing efforts as we take mitigating actions in relation  to the impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic. Our strategy is to increase brand marketing and use the  strength of our brand to attract more guests via direct or unpaid channels and to decrease our performance  marketing spend relative to 2019. However, we may not be successful at  our efforts to drive traffic growth cost-effectively. If we are not able  to effectively increase our traffic growth without increases in spend on performance marketing, we may need  to increase our performance marketing spend in the future, including in  response to increased spend on performance marketing from our  competitors, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely  affected.
The  technology that powers much of our performance marketing is increasingly subject to strict regulation, and regulatory or legislative  changes could adversely impact the effectiveness of our performance  marketing efforts and, as a result, our business. For example, we rely  on the placement and use of “cookies” — text files stored on a host or guest’s web browser or device  — to support tailored marketing to consumers. Many countries have  adopted, or are in the process of adopting, regulations governing the  use of cookies and similar technologies, and individuals may be required to
“opt-in”
to the placement of cookies used for purposes of marketing. For example, we are subject to evolving EU privacy laws on cookies and
e-marketing.
In the European  Union, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with  requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem, and current  national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive may be replaced by an EU Regulation, known as the  ePrivacy Regulation, which will significantly increase fines for
non-compliance.
In the European Union, informed consent may be required for the placement of a cookie on a user’s device and for direct electronic  marketing. The European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679  (“GDPR”) also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent. While the  text of the ePrivacy Regulation is still under development, a recent European Court of  Justice decision and regulators’ recent guidance are driving increased  attention to cookies and tracking technologies under existing law. If  regulators start to enforce the strict approach, this could lead to substantial costs, require  significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing  activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely  affect our margins, increase costs, and subject us to additional liabilities. Widespread adoption of regulations  that significantly restrict our ability to use performance marketing  technology could adversely affect our ability to market effectively to  current and prospective hosts and guests, and thus materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
We  focus on unpaid channels such as SEO. SEO involves developing our platform in a way that enables a search  engine to rank our platform prominently for search queries for which  our platform’s content may be relevant. Changes to search engine  algorithms or similar actions are not within our control, and could adversely affect our search-engine  rankings and traffic to our platform. We believe that our SEO results  have been adversely affected by the launch of Google Travel and Google  Vacation Rental Ads, which reduce the prominence of our platform in organic search results for travel-related  terms and placement on Google. To the extent that our brand and platform  are listed less prominently or fail to appear in search results for any  reason, we would need to increase our paid marketing spend which would increase our overall  customer acquisition costs and materially adversely affect our business,  results of operations, and financial condition. If Google or Apple uses  its own mobile operating systems or app distribution channels to favor its own or other preferred travel  service offerings, or impose policies that effectively disallow us to  continue our full product offerings in those channels, there could be an  adverse effect on our ability to engage with hosts and guests who access our platform via mobile apps or  search.
Moreover,  as guests increase their booking activity across multiple travel sites or compare offerings across sites, our marketing  efficiency and effectiveness is adversely impacted, which could cause us  to increase
our sales and marketing expenditures in the future, which may not be  offset by additional revenue, and could materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, any negative publicity or public complaints,  including those that impede our ability to maintain positive brand  awareness through our marketing and consumer communications efforts,  could harm our reputation and lead to fewer hosts and guests using our platform, and attempts to replace this  traffic through other channels will require us to increase our sales and  marketing expenditures.
Our  debt obligations contain restrictions that impact our business and  expose us to risks that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. If we require additional funding to  support our business, this additional funding may not be available on  reasonable terms, or at all.
We  have outstanding long-term indebtedness with a principal amount of  $1,997.5 million as of September 30, 2020. The agreements governing  our indebtedness (our “Credit Agreements”) contain various covenants that  are operative so long as our Credit Agreements remain outstanding. The  covenants, among other things, limit our and our subsidiaries’ abilities  to:
incur additional indebtedness;
create or incur additional liens;
engage in certain fundamental changes, including mergers or consolidations;
sell or transfer assets;
pay dividends and distributions on our and our subsidiaries’ capital stock;
make payments and prepayments of junior or unsecured indebtedness;
make acquisitions, investments, loans, or advances;
engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and
enter into negative pledge clauses and clauses restricting subsidiary distributions.
If  we experience a decline in cash flow due to any of the factors  described in these “Risk Factors” or otherwise, we could have difficulty paying interest and the principal amount of our  outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash  flow or otherwise obtain the funds necessary to make required payments  under our Credit Agreements, or if we fail to comply with the various requirements of our indebtedness, we  could default under our Credit Agreements. Any such default that is not  cured or waived could result in an acceleration of indebtedness then  outstanding under our Credit Agreements, a requirement that we and our subsidiaries that have  guaranteed our indebtedness pay the obligations in full, and would  permit the lenders to exercise remedies with respect to all of the  collateral that is securing our indebtedness, including substantially all of our and our subsidiary guarantors’  assets. We cannot be certain that our future operating results will be  sufficient to ensure compliance with the covenants in our Credit  Agreements or to remedy any defaults under our Credit Agreements.
Interest  rates under our Credit Agreements are based partly on LIBOR, the London  interbank offered rate, which is the basic rate of interest used in lending between banks on the London  interbank market and is widely used as a reference for setting the  interest rate on loans globally. LIBOR is currently expected to phase  out by the end of 2021. It is unclear if at that time LIBOR will cease to exist or if new methods of calculating  LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021.  The U.S. Federal Reserve has begun publishing a Secured Overnight  Funding Rate which is currently intended to serve as an alternative
reference rate to LIBOR. If the method for calculation of LIBOR changes,  if LIBOR is no longer available, or if lenders have increased costs due  to changes in LIBOR, we may suffer from potential increases in interest rates on our borrowings. Further, we may need to  renegotiate our Credit Agreements or any other borrowings that utilize  LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate to replace LIBOR with  the new standard that is established.
Since the
COVID-19
pandemic, there has been increased volatility in the financial and securities markets, which has generally made access to capital less  certain and increased the cost of obtaining new capital. As we manage  through the slowdown in our business due to the
COVID-19
pandemic, we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available to us on  reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, the terms of future debt  agreements could include more restrictive covenants, which could further  restrict our business operations. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our ability to continue  to support our business and to respond to business challenges would be  significantly limited, and our business, results of operations, and  financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
Our substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
We have significant indebtedness that could materially adversely affect our business by:
increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
requiring  us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations  to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund  working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, product  development efforts, and other general corporate purposes;
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and
exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as our borrowings are, and may in the future be, at variable interest rates.
The occurrence of any one of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and ability to satisfy our obligations under our Credit Agreements.
If  we are unable to manage the risks presented by our business model internationally, our  business, results of operations, and financial condition would be  materially adversely affected.
We  are a global platform with hosts in more than 220 countries and regions  and approximately 100,000 cities, and a global guest community. As of September 30, 2020, we had offices in 24 cities and had  approximately 2,390 employees located internationally. For the year  ended December 31, 2019 and the nine months ended  September 30, 2020, 63% and 53% of our revenue, respectively, was generated from listings outside of the United States.  We expect to continue to make investments to expand our international  operations. Managing a global organization is difficult, time consuming,  and expensive, and requires significant management attention and careful prioritization, and any  international expansion efforts that we may undertake may not be  successful. In addition, conducting international operations subjects us  to risks, which include:
operational and compliance challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;
the cost and resources required to localize our platform and services, which often requires the translation of our platform into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory requirements;
unexpected, more restrictive, differing, and conflicting laws and regulations, including those laws governing Internet activities, short-term and long-term rentals (including those implemented in response to the
COVID-19
pandemic), tourism, tenancy, taxes, licensing, payments processing,  messaging, marketing activities, registration and/or verification of guests, ownership of  intellectual property, content, data collection and privacy, security,  data localization, data transfer and government access to personal  information, and other activities important to our business;
uncertainties regarding the interpretation of national and local laws and regulations, uncertainty in the enforceability of legal rights, and uneven application of laws and regulations to businesses, in particular U.S. companies;
competition with companies that understand local markets better than we do, or that have a local presence and
pre-existing
relationships with potential hosts and guests in those markets;
differing levels of social acceptance of home sharing, our brand, and offerings;
legal uncertainty regarding our liability for the listings, the services, and content provided by hosts, guests, and other third parties;
uncertain resolutions of litigation or regulatory inquiries;
variations in payment forms for hosts and guests, increased operational complexity around payments, and inability to offer local payment forms like cash or country specific digital forms of payment;
lack of familiarity and the burden of complying with a wide variety of U.S. and foreign laws, legal standards, and regulatory requirements, which are complex, sometimes inconsistent, and subject to unexpected changes;
potentially  adverse tax consequences, including resulting from the complexities of  foreign corporate income tax systems, value added tax (“VAT”) regimes, tax withholding  rules, lodging taxes, often known as transient or occupancy taxes, hotel  taxes, and other indirect taxes, tax collection or remittance  obligations, and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings;
difficulties in managing and staffing international operations, including due to differences in legal, regulatory, and collective bargaining processes;
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and in particular, decreases in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar;
regulations governing the control of local currencies and impacting the ability to collect and remit funds to hosts in those currencies or to repatriate cash into the United States;
oversight by foreign government agencies whose approach to privacy or human rights may be inconsistent with that taken in other countries;
increased financial accounting and reporting burdens, and complexities and difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls in an international operating environment;
political, social, and economic instability abroad, terrorist attacks, and security concerns in general;
operating in countries that are more prone to crime or have lower safety standards;
operating in countries that have higher risk of corruption; and
reduced or varied protection for our intellectual property rights in some countries.
Increased  operating expenses, decreased revenue, negative publicity, negative  reaction from our hosts and guests and other stakeholders, or other adverse impacts from  any of the above factors or other risks related to our international  operations could materially adversely affect our brand, reputation,  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In  addition to the factors listed above, we have invested heavily to  expand our operations in China, which is an intensely competitive market, both on the consumer side and from a talent  perspective. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses to  operate our business in China, and we may not achieve profitability in  that market. As we expand our operations in China, the above factors, sentiment of the workforce in China, and  China’s policy towards foreign direct investment may particularly impact  our operations in China. Further, as we expand our operations in China,  we expect to continue to make modifications to the way our website, mobile apps, offerings, and  features function in China as compared to other countries. In addition,  we need to ensure that our business practices in China are compliant  with local laws and regulations, which may be interpreted and enforced in ways that are different from our  interpretation, and/or create obligations on us that are costly to meet  or conflict with laws in other jurisdictions.
As  we disclose to our hosts and guests when they create or book a listing  in China, we are subject to various requirements and requests from government agencies to share information on users who use or offer  accommodation services through our platform in China. Failure to comply  with such requests or other requirements as interpreted by government  agencies may lead to impairment or disruption to our business and operations, including failing to obtain  or losing the necessary licenses to operate in China, the blocking of  our platform and services in China, and/or enforcement action against  our host community, corporate entities or officers. Our failure to comply with such requests or requirements,  or conversely our compliance with such requests or requirements, could  materially adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of  operations, and financial condition. Further, given that our headquarters is in the United States,  any significant or prolonged deterioration in U.S.-China bilateral  relations or escalation of geo-political risk in China could adversely  affect our business.
In  China, the Chinese government has adopted regulations that govern the  dissemination of content over the Internet, and China’s first cybersecurity law (“CSL”) took effect in June 2017. The CSL and related  regulations and implementation measures are continuing to develop, and  it is uncertain what obligations will apply to us in the future. In  particular, the CSL imposes high requirements for the operational security of facilities, including  data localization requirements, for operators deemed to be part of the  “critical information infrastructure.” However, the definition of  “critical information infrastructure” is not precise, and there are substantial uncertainties  as to its ultimate interpretation and whether it applies to us. Chinese  regulators are also considering additional regulation restricting the  transfer of personal data and important data outside of China, and we could become subject to data  localization requirements in the future as a result of this regulation  and/or newly-published industry-specific rules and regulations. If we  are considered as an operator of “critical information infrastructure,” or if we become subject to  restrictions under other measures or data localization requirements  under other Chinese laws and regulations, we would incur substantial  costs to comply or have to change our business practices in a manner that materially adversely affects our  business, results of operations, and financial condition. Actions by  the U.S. government could also impair our ability to effectively operate  in China, including through the use of Executive Orders or trade blacklists to ban or limit the use of  services provided by Chinese third parties.
We  conduct our business in China through a variable interest entity (“VIE”) and a wholly-foreign  owned entity. We do not own shares in our VIE and instead rely on  contractual arrangements with the equity holders of our VIE to operate  our business in China because foreign investment is restricted or prohibited.
Under our contractual arrangements, we must rely on the VIE and the VIE  equity holders to perform their obligations in order to exercise our  control over the VIE. The VIE equity holders may have conflicts of interest with us or our stockholders, and they may not act  in our best interests or may not perform their obligations under these  contracts. If our VIE or its equity holders fail to perform their  respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may not be able to enforce our rights. In  addition, if the Chinese government deems that the contractual  arrangements in relation to our VIE do not comply with Chinese  governmental restrictions on foreign investment, or if these regulations or their interpretation changes in the future, we  could be subject to penalties, be forced to cease our operations in  China, or be subject to restrictions in the future, and we may incur  additional compliance costs. The contractual arrangements with our VIE may also be subject to scrutiny by  the Chinese tax authorities and any adjustment of related party  transaction pricing could lead to additional taxes.
We  track certain operational metrics, which are subject to inherent  challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our  stock price, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We  track certain operational metrics, including metrics such as Nights and  Experiences Booked, Gross Booking Value (“GBV”), active listings, active bookers, hosts, and guest arrivals, which may differ from  estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to  differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we  rely. Our internal systems and tools are subject to a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these  metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes  to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the  internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic  or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate.  While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable  estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how  our platform is used across large populations globally.
Our  Nights and Experiences Booked and GBV metrics are adjusted for cancellations and  alterations that happen in the reporting period. However, cancellations  and alterations for bookings made in the reporting period can occur  beyond the current reporting period. This results in a reported amount of Nights and Experiences Booked and  GBV in the quarter of the booking for which all of the bookings may  ultimately not result in
check-ins,
and subsequently reduces our Nights and Experiences Booked and GBV metrics in subsequent quarters  when we experience cancellations. Cancellations and alterations to  previously booked trips increased dramatically after the
COVID-19
outbreak, as guests were either unable to travel or uncomfortable  traveling. While the number of nights and experiences canceled in  January 2020 was 13% of the gross nights and experiences booked that  month, the number of nights and experiences canceled in March and April 2020 exceeded the number of gross nights and  experiences booked during those months. If we experience high levels of  cancellations in the future, our performance and related business  metrics will be materially adversely affected.
The  calculation of Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV, and active listings  requires the ongoing collection of data on new offerings that are added to our platform over time. Our business is complex, and  the methodology used to calculate Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV,  and active listings may require future adjustments to accurately  represent the full value of new offerings.
The  number of active bookers on our platform is based on activity during a  certain time period. Certain individuals may have more than one guest account and therefore may be counted more than once in our count of  active bookers. We count the number of hosts on our platform based on  the number of hosts with an available listing as of a certain date. Some  individuals may have more than one host account and therefore may be counted more than once as hosts.
Our  metrics, including our reported Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV, and  active listings, may include fraudulent bookings, accounts, and other activities that have  not been flagged by our trust and safety teams or identified by our  machine learning algorithms or not yet addressed by our operational  teams, which could mean these activities on our site are not identified or addressed in a timely manner or at all,  reducing the accuracy of our metrics. Further, any such fraudulent  activity, along with associated refunds and cancellations, would reduce  our metrics, in particular Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV, and active listings, in the quarter in which it  is discovered. Limitations or errors with respect to how we measure  data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our  understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our  operational metrics are not accurate representations of our business, or  if investors do not perceive these metrics to be accurate, or if we  discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, our stock  price could decline, we may be subject to stockholder litigation, and  our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected.
Our  efforts to create new offerings and initiatives are costly, and if we  are unable to successfully pursue such offerings and initiatives, we may fail to grow, and our business, results of  operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely  affected.
We  need to continue to invest in the development of new offerings and  initiatives that differentiate us from our competitors, such as Airbnb Experiences. Developing and delivering these new offerings and  initiatives increase our expenses and our organizational complexity, and  we may experience difficulties in developing and implementing these new  offerings and initiatives.
Our  new offerings and initiatives have a high degree of risk, as they may  involve unproven businesses with which we have limited or no prior development or operating experience. There can be no assurance that  consumer demand for such offerings and initiatives will exist or be  sustained at the levels that we anticipate, that we will be able to  successfully manage the development and delivery of such offerings and initiatives, or that any of these  offerings or initiatives will gain sufficient market acceptance to  generate sufficient revenue to offset associated expenses or  liabilities. It is also possible that offerings developed by others will render our offerings and initiatives  noncompetitive or obsolete. Further, these efforts entail investments in  our systems and infrastructure, payments platform, and increased legal  and regulatory compliance expenses, could distract management from current operations, and will divert capital and  other resources from our more established offerings and geographies.  Even if we are successful in developing new offerings and initiatives,  regulatory authorities may subject us or our hosts and guests to new rules, taxes, or restrictions or more  aggressively enforce existing rules, taxes, or restrictions, that could  increase our expenses or prevent us from successfully commercializing  these initiatives. If we do not realize the expected benefits of our investments, we may fail to grow  and our business, results of operations, and financial condition would  be materially adversely affected.
If  we fail to comply with federal, state, and foreign laws relating to  privacy and data protection, we may face potentially significant liability, negative publicity, an erosion of trust, and increased  regulation could materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
Privacy  and data protection laws, rules, and regulations are complex, and their  interpretation is rapidly evolving, making implementation and enforcement, and thus compliance requirements, ambiguous, uncertain, and  potentially inconsistent. Compliance with such laws may require changes  to our data collection, use, transfer, disclosure, other processing,  and certain other related business practices and may thereby increase compliance costs or have other  material adverse effects on our business. As part of host and guest  registration and business processes, we collect and use personal data,  such as names, dates of birth, email addresses, phone numbers, and identity verification information (for  example, government
issued identification or passport), as well as credit card or other  financial information that hosts and guests provide to us. The laws of  many states and countries require businesses that maintain such personal data to implement reasonable measures to keep  such information secure and otherwise restrict the ways in which such  information can be collected and used.
For  example, the GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018, has  resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies like ours. The GDPR regulates our  collection, control, processing, sharing, disclosure, and other use of  data that can directly or indirectly identify a living individual  (“personal data”), and imposes stringent data protection requirements with significant penalties, and  the risk of civil litigation, for noncompliance.
Failure  to comply with the GDPR may result in fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4%  of the annual global revenue of the infringer, whichever is greater. It  may also lead to civil litigation, with the risks of damages or  injunctive relief, or regulatory orders adversely impacting on the ways in which our business can use personal  data. Many large geographies, which are important to our success,  including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, and India, have passed or  are in the process of passing comparable or other robust data privacy legislation or regulation, which may lead  to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure.
In  addition, from the beginning of 2021 (when the transitional period following  Brexit expires), we will be required to comply with the GDPR and also  the UK equivalent, with each regime having the ability to fine up to the  greater of 20 million Euros (17 million British Pounds) or 4% of global turnover. The relationship  between the United Kingdom and the European Union in relation to certain  aspects of data protection law remains unclear, for example, how data  transfers between EU member states and the United Kingdom will be treated and the role of the United Kingdom’s  Information Commissioner’s Office with respect to the European Union  following the end of the transitional period. These changes will lead to  additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure.
Additionally,  we are subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border  transfers of personal data, including laws relating to transfer of personal data outside the  European Economic Area (“EEA”). Recent legal developments in Europe have  created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data  from the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions; for example, on July 16,  2020, the CJEU invalidated the
EU-US
Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) under which personal data  could be transferred from the EEA to US entities that had self-certified under the Privacy  Shield scheme. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard  contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the  European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield), it  noted that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in  all circumstances; this has created uncertainty and increased the risk  around our international operations.
In  addition to other mechanisms (particularly standard contractual  clauses), we previously relied on our own Privacy Shield certification and, in limited instances, the Privacy Shield  certifications of third parties (for example, vendors and partners) for  the purposes of transferring personal data from the EEA to the United  States. We continue to rely on the standard contractual clauses to transfer personal data outside the EEA, including  to the United States. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we rely  on derogations provided for by law.
These  recent developments may require us to review and amend the legal  mechanisms by which we make and, or, receive personal data transfers to  the United States and other jurisdictions. As our lead supervisory  authorities (the Irish Data Protection Commission, the Luxembourg  National Commission for Data
Protection and, until the end of 2020, the British ICO), the European  Data Protection Board, and other data protection regulators issue  further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the standard contractual clauses cannot be  used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer  additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines,  and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which  we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services,  the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and  operations, and could adversely affect our financial results.
In  the United States, federal law, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of  1999 (“GLBA”) and its implementing regulations, restricts certain collection, processing,  storage, use, and disclosure of personal information, requires notice to  individuals of privacy practices and provides individuals with certain  rights to prevent the use and disclosure of certain nonpublic or otherwise legally protected  information. These rules also impose requirements for the safeguarding  and proper destruction of personal information through the issuance of  data security standards or guidelines. The U.S. government, including Congress, the Federal Trade Commission and  the Department of Commerce, has announced that it is reviewing the need  for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning  consumer behavior on the Internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising  practices. Numerous states have enacted or are in the process of  enacting state level data privacy laws and regulations governing the  collection, use, and processing of state residents’ personal data. For example, the California Consumer Privacy  Act (“CCPA”) took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA establishes a  new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours, and may  require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related  costs and expenses. The CCPA provides new and enhanced data privacy  rights to California residents, such as affording consumers the right to  access and delete their information and to opt out of certain sharing and sales of personal information. The  law also prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against  consumers (for example, charging more for services) for exercising any  of their CCPA rights. The CCPA imposes severe statutory damages as well as a private right of action for  certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information.  This private right of action is expected to increase the likelihood of,  and risks associated with, data breach litigation. It remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will  be interpreted and enforced. In November 2020, California voters passed  the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (“CPRA”). The  CPRA further expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements that may  impact our business, and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to  enforcing those requirements. The CPRA and the CCPA may lead other  states to pass comparable legislation, with potentially greater penalties, and more rigorous compliance requirements  relevant to our business. The effects of the CPRA, the CCPA, and other  similar state or federal laws, are significant and may require us to  modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and potential liability in  an effort to comply with such legislation.
Various  other governments and consumer agencies around the world have also called for new regulation  and changes in industry practices and many have enacted different and  often contradictory requirements for protecting personal information  collected and maintained electronically. Compliance with numerous and contradictory requirements  of different jurisdictions is particularly difficult and costly for an  online business such as ours, which collects personal information from  hosts, guests, and other individuals in multiple jurisdictions. If any jurisdiction in which we  operate adopts news laws or changes its interpretation of its laws,  rules, or regulations relating to data residency or localization such  that we are unable to comply in a timely manner or at all, we could risk losing our rights to operate in such  jurisdictions. While we have invested and continue to invest significant  resources to comply with GDPR, GLBA, CCPA, and other privacy  regulations around the world, many of these regulations expose us to the possibility of material penalties,  significant legal liability, changes in how we operate or offer our  products, and interruptions or cessation of
our ability to operate in key geographies, any of which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
Furthermore,  to improve the trust and safety on our platform, we conduct certain  verification procedures aimed at our hosts, guests, and listings in certain jurisdictions. Such verification procedures may include  utilizing public information on the Internet, accessing public databases  such as court records, utilizing third-party vendors to analyze host or  guest data, or physical inspection. These types of activities may expose us to the risk of regulatory  enforcement from privacy regulators and civil litigation.
When  we are required to disclose personal data pursuant to demands from government agencies,  including tax authorities, state and city regulators, law enforcement  agencies, and intelligence agencies, our hosts, guests, and privacy  regulators could perceive such disclosure as a failure by us to comply with privacy and data protection  policies, notices, and laws, which could result in proceedings or  actions against us in the same or other jurisdictions. Conversely, if we  do not provide the requested information to government agencies due to a disagreement on the  interpretation of the law, we are likely to face enforcement action from  such government, engage in litigation, face increased regulatory  scrutiny, and experience an adverse impact on our relationship with governments or our ability to offer our services  within certain jurisdictions. Any of the foregoing could materially  adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
Our  business also increasingly relies on artificial intelligence and  automated decision making to improve our services and tailor our  interactions with our customers. However, in recent years use of these methods has  come under increased regulatory scrutiny. New laws, guidance and/or  decisions in this area may limit our ability to use our artificial  intelligence models, or require us to make changes to our operations that may decrease our operational efficiency,  result in an increase to operating costs and/or hinder our ability to  improve our services. For example, there are specific rules on the use  of automated decision making under the GDPR that require the existence of automated decision making to be  disclosed to the data subject with a meaningful explanation of the logic  used in such decision making in certain circumstances, and safeguards  must be implemented to safeguard individual rights, including the right to obtain human intervention and  to contest any decision. Further, California recently introduced a law  requiring disclosure of chatbot functionality.
Any  failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy and data  protection policies, notices, laws, rules, and regulations could result  in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights  groups, government agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs  in investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay  significant damages or fines or be required to make changes to our business. Further, these proceedings and  any subsequent adverse outcomes may subject us to significant negative  publicity, and an erosion of trust. If any of these events were to  occur, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely  affected.
If  we fail to prevent data security breaches, there may be damage to our brand and reputation, material financial penalties, and  legal liability, along with a decline in use of our platform, which  would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
There  are risks of security breaches both on and off our systems as we  increase the types of technology we use to operate our platform, including mobile apps and third-party payment processing providers, and  as we collaborate with third parties that may need to process our host  or guest data or have access to our infrastructure. The evolution of  technology systems introduces ever more complex security risks that are difficult to predict and defend  against. An increasing number of companies, including those with  significant online operations, have recently disclosed breaches of their  security, some of which involved
sophisticated tactics and techniques allegedly attributable to criminal  enterprises or nation-state actors. While we take significant measures  to guard against the type of activity that can lead to data breaches, the techniques used by bad actors to obtain  unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems  change frequently and often are unknown until launched against a target.  As such, we may be unable to anticipate these tactics and techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
Further,  with a large geographically disparate employee base, we are not immune from the possibility of a malicious insider compromising our  information systems and infrastructure. This risk has grown in light of  the greater adoption of remote work as a response to the
COVID-19
pandemic. We also have a distributed community support organization  including third-party providers that have access to personal  information. We and other companies in our industry have dealt with  incidents involving such insiders exfiltrating the personal data of customers, stealing corporate trade secrets and key  financial metrics, and illegally diverting funds. No series of measures  can fully safeguard against a sufficiently determined and skilled  insider threat.
In  addition, bad actors have targeted and will continue to target our  hosts and guests directly with attempts to breach the security of their  email accounts or management systems, such as through phishing attacks where a  third party attempts to infiltrate our systems or acquire information  by posing as a legitimate inquiry or electronic communication, which are  fraudulent identity theft schemes designed to appear as legitimate emails from us or from our hosts or  guests, partners, or vendors. We have seen many instances of our hosts  and guests falling prey to such schemes, which result in their accounts  being taken over by fraudsters intent on perpetrating fraud against them, other users, and our platform. Bad  actors may also employ other schemes aimed at defrauding our hosts or  guests in ways that we may not anticipate or be able to adequately guard  against. Even if phishing and spamming attacks and other fraud schemes are not carried out through our  systems, victims may nevertheless seek recovery from us. Because of our  prominence, we believe that we are a particularly attractive target for  such attacks. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any  specific scheme or attack, any failure to maintain performance,  reliability, security, and availability of our offerings, services, and  technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our hosts and guests may harm our reputation and our  ability to retain existing hosts and guests and attract new hosts and  guests. The ability of fraudsters to directly target our hosts and  guests with fraudulent communications, or cause an account takeover, exposes us to significant financial fraud  risk, including costly litigation, which is difficult to fully mitigate.
Generally,  our practice is to encrypt certain sensitive data when it is in transit  and at rest. However, we do not know whether our current practice will be deemed sufficient under applicable laws or whether new  regulatory requirements might make our current practice insufficient.  Moreover, the existence of encryption,
in-and-of
itself, is not a completely perfect security solution. If there is a  breach of our computer systems and we know or suspect that certain  personal data has been exfiltrated, accessed, or used inappropriately, we may need to inform  the host or guest whose data was stolen, accessed, or used, and may be  subject to significant fines and penalties. Further, under certain  regulatory schemes, such as the CCPA, we may be liable for statutory damages on a per breached record basis,  irrespective of any actual damages or harm to the individual. This means  that in the event of a breach we could face government scrutiny or  consumer class actions alleging statutory damages amounting to hundreds of millions, and possibly billions of  dollars.
Our  information technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic intrusions that our security  measures may not detect. We have experienced security incidents in the  past, and we may face additional attempted security intrusions in the  future. Any circumvention of our security measures could result in the misappropriation of confidential  or proprietary information, interrupt our
operations, result in financial loss, damage our computers or those of  our hosts and guests, or otherwise cause damage to our reputation and  business. Further, the ability to bypass our information security controls could degrade our trust and safety  programs, which could expose individuals to a risk of physical harm or  violence.
We  rely on third-party service providers, including financial  institutions, to process some of our data and that of our hosts and  guests, including payment information, and any failure by such third parties to prevent or  mitigate security breaches or improper access to, or disclosure of,  such information could have adverse consequences for us similar to an  incident directly on our systems.
We  have acquired and will continue to acquire companies that are  vulnerable to security breaches, and we are responsible for any security  breaches of these newly acquired companies. While we conduct due diligence of these  companies, we do not have access to the full operating history of the  companies and cannot be certain there have not been security breaches  prior to our acquisition.
We  expend, and expect to continue to expend, significant resources to  protect against security related incidents and address problems caused  by such incidents. Even if we were to expend more resources, regulators and  complainants may not deem our efforts sufficient, and regardless of the  expenditure, the risk of security related incidents cannot be fully  mitigated. We have a heightened risk of security breaches due to some of our operations being located in certain  international jurisdictions. Any actual or alleged security breaches or  alleged violations of federal, state, or foreign laws or regulations  relating to privacy and data security could result in mandated user notifications, litigation,  government investigations, significant fines, and expenditures; divert  management’s attention from operations; deter people from using our  platform; damage our brand and reputation; force us to cease operations for some length of time; and  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition. Defending against claims or litigation based on any  security breach or incident, regardless of their merit, will be costly and may cause reputation harm.  The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that  exceed available insurance coverage, denial of coverage as to any  specific claim, or any change or cessation in our insurance policies and coverages, including premium  increases or the imposition of large deductible requirements, could have  a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
Our  platform is highly complex, and any undetected errors could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our  platform is a complex system composed of many interoperating components  and software. Our business is dependent upon our ability to prevent system interruption on our  platform. Our software, including open source software that is  incorporated into our code, may now or in the future contain undetected  errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code have not been and may not be discovered until after  the code has been released. We have, from time to time, found defects or  errors in our system and software limitations that have resulted in,  and may discover additional issues in the future that could result in, platform unavailability or system  disruption. For example, defects or errors have resulted in and could  result in the delay in making payments to hosts or overpaying or  underpaying hosts, which would impact our cash position and may cause hosts to lose trust in our payment operations.  Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code or systems  released to production or found in third-party software, including open  source software, that is incorporated into our code, any misconfigurations of our systems, or any  unintended interactions between systems could result in poor system  performance, an interruption in the availability of our platform,  incorrect payments, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, loss of existing and potential hosts and  guests, loss of revenue, liability for damages, a failure to
comply with certain legal or tax reporting obligations, and regulatory  inquiries or other proceedings, any of which could materially adversely  affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
System capacity constraints, system or operational failures, or
denial-of-service
or other attacks could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Since  our founding, we have experienced rapid growth in consumer traffic to  our platform. If our systems and network infrastructure cannot be  expanded or are not scaled to cope with increased demand or fail to perform, we  could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response  times, decreased customer satisfaction, and delays in the introduction  of new offerings and tiers. It may be particularly difficult for us to manage these issues during the
COVID-19
pandemic and the related governmentally mandated shelter at home orders, as a result of which few, if any, of our employees are physically present in our headquarters.
Our  corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and  development activities, and certain other critical business operations are located in San Francisco, built  on a high-risk liquefaction zone and is near major earthquake fault  lines. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or  interruption from human error, computer viruses, earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, and similar events. In addition,  Northern California has recently experienced, and may continue to  experience power outages during the fire season and our headquarters  does not have power generator backup to maintain full business continuity. A catastrophic event that results in  the destruction or disruption of our headquarters, any third-party cloud  hosting facilities, or our critical business or information technology  systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and result in lengthy  interruptions or delays of our platform and services.
Our systems and operations are also subject to
break-ins,
sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorism, and similar  misconduct from external sources and malicious insiders. Our existing  security measures may not be successful in preventing attacks on our systems, and any such attack  could cause significant interruptions in our operations. For instance,  from time to time, we have experienced
denial-of-service
type attacks on our systems that have made portions of our platform  slow or unavailable for periods of time. There are numerous other  potential forms of attack, such as phishing, account takeovers, malicious code  injections, ransomware, and the attempted use of our platform to launch a
denial-of-service
attack against another party, each of which could cause significant interruptions in  our operations or involve us in legal or regulatory proceedings.  Reductions in the availability and response time of our online platform  could cause loss of substantial business volumes during the occurrence of any such attack on our systems and  measures we may take to divert suspect traffic in the event of such an  attack could result in the diversion of bona fide customers. These  issues are likely to become more difficult to manage as we expand the number of places where we operate and the  variety of services we offer, and as the tools and techniques used in  such attacks become more advanced and available. Successful attacks  could result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation, and could prevent consumers from booking or  visiting our platform during the attack, any of which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
In the event of certain system failures, we may not be able to switch to
back-up
systems immediately and the time to full recovery could be prolonged. We have experienced system  failures from time to time. In addition to placing increased burdens on  our engineering staff, these outages create a significant amount of  consumer questions and complaints that need to be addressed by our community support team. Any unscheduled  interruption in our service could result in an immediate and significant  loss of revenue, an increase in community support costs, and harm our  reputation, and could result in some consumers switching to our competitors. If we experience frequent or  persistent system failures, our brand and
reputation could be permanently and significantly harmed, and our  business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected. While we have taken and continue to take steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems,  these steps are expensive and may not be completely effective in  reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We do not  carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for all losses that may occur.
We  use both internally developed systems and third-party systems to  operate our platform, including transaction and payment processing, and financial  and accounting systems. If the number of consumers using our platform  increases substantially, or if critical third-party systems stop  operating as designed, we may need to significantly upgrade, expand, or repair our transaction and payment  processing systems, financial and accounting systems, and other  infrastructure. We may not be able to upgrade our systems and  infrastructure to accommodate such conditions in a timely manner, and depending on the systems affected, our transaction  and payment processing, and financial and accounting systems could be  impacted for a meaningful amount of time, which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our  business depends on the performance and reliability of the Internet,  mobile, telecommunications network operators, and other infrastructures that are not under our control. As  consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices, we also become dependent  on consumers’ access to the Internet through mobile carriers and their  systems. Disruptions in Internet access, whether generally, in a specific region or otherwise,  could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
Uncertainty  in the application of taxes to our hosts, guests, or platform could  increase our tax liabilities and may discourage hosts and guests from conducting business on our platform.
We  are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the  United States (federal, state, and local) and numerous foreign jurisdictions.  We have received communications from numerous foreign, federal, state,  and local governments regarding the application of tax laws or  regulations to our business or demanding data about our hosts and guests to aid in threatened or actual  enforcement actions against our hosts and guests. In many jurisdictions  where applicable, we have agreed to collect and remit lodging taxes,  often known as transient or occupancy taxes, to local governments directly on behalf of our hosts. In other  jurisdictions, hosts are responsible for collecting and remitting  lodging taxes to their local government. We have been subject to  complaints by, and are involved in a number of lawsuits brought by, certain government entities for alleged responsibility for  indirect taxes, host income withholding taxes, and other duties relating  to short-term occupancy rentals and other aspects of our business. In  some jurisdictions we are in the process of discussing potential agreements to resolve alleged
past-due
taxes, and in other jurisdictions, the regulators have held us liable  for such past and future taxes. A number of jurisdictions have proposed or implemented new tax laws or interpreted existing laws to  explicitly apply their hotel and hospitality taxes to businesses like  ours. Laws and regulations relating to taxes as applied to our platform,  and to our hosts and guests, vary greatly among jurisdictions, and it is difficult or impossible to  predict how such laws and regulations will be applied.
The  application of indirect taxes, such as lodging taxes, hotel, sales and use tax,  privilege taxes, excise taxes, VAT, goods and services tax, harmonized  sales taxes, business tax, and gross receipt taxes (together, “indirect  taxes”) to
e-commerce
activities  such as ours and to our hosts or guests is a complex and evolving  issue. Some of such tax laws or regulations hold us responsible for the  reporting, collection, and payment of such taxes, and such laws could be applied to us for transactions conducted in the past  as well as transactions in the future. Many of the statutes and  regulations that impose these taxes were established before the adoption  and growth of the Internet and
e-commerce.
New or revised foreign, federal, state, or local tax regulations may  subject us or our hosts and guests to additional indirect, income,
and other taxes, and depending upon the jurisdiction could subject us or  our hosts and guests to significant monetary penalties and fines for
non-payment
of taxes. An increasing number of jurisdictions are considering adopting  or have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new tax  measures, including digital platform revenue-based taxes, targeting  online sharing platforms and online marketplaces, and new obligations to collect host income taxes, sales,  consumption, value added, or other taxes on digital platforms. We may  recognize additional tax expenses and be subject to additional tax  liabilities, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely  affected by additional taxes of this nature or additional taxes or  penalties resulting from our failure to comply with any reporting,  collection, and payment obligations. We accrue a reserve for such taxes, and upon examination or audit, such reserves may  be insufficient.
New  or revised taxes and, in particular, the taxes described above and similar taxes would likely increase the price paid  by guests, the cost of doing business for our hosts, discourage hosts  and guests from using our platform, and lead to a decline in revenue,  and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we are  required to disclose personal data pursuant to demands from government  agencies for tax reporting purposes, our hosts, guests, and regulators  could perceive such disclosure as a failure by us to comply with privacy and data protection policies,  notices, and laws and commence proceedings or actions against us. If we  do not provide the requested information to government agencies due to a  disagreement on the interpretation of the law, we are likely to face enforcement action, engage in litigation,  face increased regulatory scrutiny, and experience an adverse impact in  our relationships with governments. Our competitors may arrive at  different or novel solutions to the application of taxes to analogous businesses that could cause our hosts  and guests to leave our platform in favor of conducting business on the  platforms of our competitors. This uncertainty around the application of  taxes and the impact of those taxes on the actual or perceived value of our platform may also cause  guests to use OTAs, hotels, or other traditional travel services. Any of  these events could materially adversely affect our brand, reputation,  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We  devote significant resources, including management time, to the  application and interpretation of laws and working with various jurisdictions to clarify whether taxes are applicable and the  amount of taxes that apply. The application of indirect taxes to our  hosts, guests, and our platform significantly increases our operational  expenses as we build the infrastructure and tools to capture data and to report, collect, and  remit taxes. Even if we are able to build the required infrastructure  and tools, we may not be able to complete them in a timely fashion, in  particular given the speed at which regulations and their interpretations can change, which could harm our  relationship with governments and our reputation, and result in  enforcement actions and litigation. The lack of uniformity in the laws  and regulations relating to indirect taxes as applied to our platform and to our hosts and guests further increases  the operational and financial complexity of our systems and processes,  and introduces potential for errors or incorrect tax calculations, all  of which are costly to our business and results of operations. Certain regulations may be so  complex as to make it infeasible for us to be fully compliant. As our  business operations expand or change, including as a result of  introducing new or enhanced offerings, tiers or features, or due to acquisitions, the application of indirect taxes to  our business and to our hosts and guests will further change and evolve,  and could further increase our liability for taxes, discourage hosts  and guests from using our platform, and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
We  face possible risks associated with natural disasters and the physical  effects of climate change, which may include more frequent or severe storms,  hurricanes, flooding, rising sea levels, shortages of water, droughts  and wildfires, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We  are subject to the risks associated with natural disasters and the  physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent or severe storms, hurricanes, flooding,  rising sea levels, shortages of water, droughts, and wildfires, any of  which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of  operations, and financial condition. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather  patterns, our coastal destinations could experience increases in storm  intensity and rising
sea-levels
causing damage to our hosts’ properties and result in a reduced number of listings in these areas.  Climate change may also affect our business by increasing the cost of,  or making unavailable, property insurance on terms our hosts find  acceptable in areas most vulnerable to such events, increasing operating costs for our hosts, including the  cost of water or energy, and requiring our hosts to expend funds as they  seek to repair and protect their properties in connection with such  events. As a result of the foregoing and other climate-related issues, our hosts may decide to remove their  listings from our platform. If we are unable to provide listings in  certain areas due to climate change, we may lose both guests and hosts,  which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We may experience significant fluctuations in our results of operations, which make it difficult to forecast our future results.
Our  results of operations may vary significantly and are not necessarily an indication of future performance. We experience seasonal  fluctuations in our financial results. We experience seasonality in our  GBV and Nights and Experiences Booked, and seasonality in Adjusted  EBITDA that is consistent with seasonality of our revenue, which has historically been, and is expected  to continue to be, highest in the third quarter when we have the most
check-ins
as it is the peak travel season for North America and EMEA. We recognize revenue upon the completion of a
check-in.
As our business matures, other seasonal trends may develop, or these  existing seasonal trends may become more extreme. In addition to  seasonality, our results of operations may fluctuate as a result of a variety of  other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including:
reduced travel and cancellations due to other events beyond our control such as health concerns, including the
COVID-19
pandemic,  other epidemics and pandemics, natural disasters, wars, regional  hostilities or law enforcement demands and other regulatory actions;
periods with increased investments in our platform for existing offerings, new offerings and initiatives, marketing, and the accompanying growth in headcount;
our ability to maintain growth and effectively manage that growth;
increased competition;
our ability to expand our operations in new and existing regions;
changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business;
changes to our internal policies or strategies;
harm to our brand or reputation; and
other risks described elsewhere in this prospectus.
As  a result, we may not accurately forecast our results of operations.  Moreover, we base our expense levels and investment plans on estimates for revenue that may  turn out to be inaccurate. A significant portion of our expenses and  investments are fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending  quickly enough if our revenue is less than expected, resulting in losses that exceed our expectations. If our  assumptions regarding the risks and uncertainties that we use to plan  our business are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these  risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our  business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected.
We  currently rely on a number of third-party service providers to host and  deliver a significant portion of our platform and services, and any interruptions or delays in services from these third parties  could impair the delivery of our platform and services, and our  business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected.
We  rely primarily on Amazon Web Services in the United States and abroad  to host and deliver our platform. Third parties also provide services to  key aspects of our operations, including Internet connections and  networking, data storage and processing, trust and safety, security  infrastructure, source code management, and testing and deployment. In  addition, we rely on third parties for many aspects of our payments platform and a significant portion of our  community support operations are conducted by third parties at their  facilities. We also rely on Google Maps and other third-party services  for maps and location data that are core to the functionality of our platform, and we integrate applications,  content, and data from third parties to deliver our platform and  services.
We do  not control the operation, physical security, or data security of any  of these third-party providers. Despite our efforts to use commercially  reasonable diligence in the selection and retention of such third-party  providers, such efforts may be insufficient or inadequate to prevent or remediate such risks. Our  third-party providers, including our cloud computing providers and our  payment processing partners, may be subject to intrusions, computer  viruses,
denial-of-service
attacks, sabotage, acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, and other  misconduct. They are vulnerable to damage or interruption from power  loss, telecommunications failures, fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and similar events; and they may be  subject to financial, legal, regulatory, and labor issues, each of which  may impose additional costs or requirements on us or prevent these  third parties from providing services to us or our customers on our behalf. In addition, these third parties  may breach their agreements with us, disagree with our interpretation of  contract terms or applicable laws and regulations, refuse to continue  or renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms or at all, fail to or refuse to process  transactions or provide other services adequately, take actions that  degrade the functionality of our platform and services, increase prices,  impose additional costs or requirements on us or our customers, or give preferential treatment to  our competitors. If we are unable to procure alternatives in a timely  and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be  subject to business disruptions, losses, or costs to remediate any of these deficiencies. Our systems currently  do not provide complete redundancy of data storage or processing or  payment processing. Although we are in the process of developing a  comprehensive business continuity and disaster recovery plans for all of our operations, there is no guarantee  that such plans will be effective. The occurrence of any of the above  events could result in hosts and guests ceasing to use our platform,  reputational damage, legal or regulatory proceedings, or other adverse consequences, which could  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
We may raise additional capital in the future or otherwise issue equity, which could have a dilutive effect on existing stockholders and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
We  may from time to time issue additional shares of Class A common stock. As a result,  our stockholders may experience immediate dilution. We may engage in  equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise  additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders  could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we  issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those  of holders of our Class A common stock. In addition, our stockholders will experience additional dilution  when option holders exercise their right to purchase common stock under  our equity incentive plans, when RSUs vest and settle, when we issue  equity awards to our employees under our equity incentive plans, or when we otherwise issue additional  equity.
Should  we require additional funding, we cannot be sure that it will be available to us on reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot  raise additional funds when we need them, our ability to continue to  support our business and to respond to business challenges would be  significantly limited, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially  adversely affected.
The  coverage afforded under our insurance policies may be inadequate for the needs of our business or our  third-party insurers may be unable or unwilling to meet our coverage  requirements, which could materially adversely affect our business,  results of operations, and financial condition.
We  use a combination of third-party insurance and self-insurance,  including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary established in 2019, to manage the exposures related to our business  operations. We support our host community by maintaining a variety of  host protection programs, including Host Protection Insurance and  Experience Protection Insurance, and our Host Guarantee Program. Our business, results of operations, and  financial condition would be materially adversely affected if  (i) cost per claim, premiums or the number of claims significantly  exceeds our expectations; (ii) we experience a claim in excess of our coverage limits; (iii) our insurance  providers become insolvent or otherwise fail to pay on our insurance  claims; (iv) we experience a claim for which coverage is not  provided; or (v) the number of claims under our deductibles or self-insured retentions differs from historic  averages. Our overall spend on insurance has increased as our business  has grown and losses from covered claims have increased. Premiums have  increased as a result, and we have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased difficulty in  obtaining appropriate policy limits and levels of coverage at a  reasonable cost and with reasonable terms and conditions. Our costs for  obtaining these policies will continue to increase as our business grows and continues to evolve. Furthermore,  as our business continues to develop and diversify, we may experience  difficulty in obtaining insurance coverage for new and evolving  offerings and tiers, which could require us to incur greater costs and materially adversely affect our business,  results of operations, and financial condition. Additionally, if we fail  to comply with insurance regulatory requirements in the regions where  we operate, or other regulations governing insurance coverage, our brand, reputation, business, results  of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely  affected.
Host Protection Insurance and Experience Protection Insurance
In  order to offset our potential exposure related to stays and experiences  and to comply with certain short-term rental regulatory requirements,  we have procured Host Protection and Experience Protection general  liability insurance from third parties, which is subject to certain  terms, conditions, and exclusions, for claims from guests and third  parties for bodily injury or property damage arising from bookings of stays and experiences through our platform. We  and our hosts are insured parties, and landlords, homeowners or  condo-owners associations, and any other similar entities, are  additional insured parties. However, these insurance programs may not provide coverage for certain types of claims,  including those relating to
contagious diseases such as
COVID-19,
and may be insufficient to fully cover costs of investigation, costs of  defense, and payments or judgments arising from covered claims. In addition, extensive or costly claims could lead  to premium increases or difficulty securing coverage, which may result  in increased financial exposure and an inability to meet insurance  regulatory requirements.
Corporate Insurance
We  procure insurance policies to cover various operations-related risks, including  general business liability, workers’ compensation, cyber liability and  data breaches, crime, directors’ and officers’ liability, and property  insurance. We do not have sufficient coverage for certain catastrophic events, including  certain business interruption losses, such as those resulting from the
COVID-19
pandemic. Additionally, certain policies may not be available to us and the policies we have and obtain in the future may not be sufficient to cover all of our business exposure.
Captive Insurance Company
We  have a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary to manage the  financial exposure related to our host and experiences protection  insurance programs along with certain corporate insurance programs. Our captive  insurance subsidiary is a party to certain reinsurance and  indemnification arrangements that transfer a portion of the risk from  our insurance providers to the captive insurance subsidiary, which could require us to pay out material amounts that may  be in excess of our insurance reserves. As our business continues to  develop and diversify, we may choose to or have to transfer more risk to  our captive insurance subsidiary as it may become more difficult to obtain insurance with current retentions  or deductibles and with similar terms to cover our exposure. Our  insurance reserves account includes unpaid losses, loss adjustment  expenses for risks, and other associated expenses, such as defense costs retained by us through our captive  insurance subsidiary. These amounts are based on actuarial estimates,  historical claim information, and industry data. While these reserves  are believed to be adequate, our ultimate liability could be in excess of our reserves, which could materially  adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
Host Guarantee Program
We  maintain a Host Guarantee Program that provides reimbursement of up to  $1 million for loss or damages to a host property caused by guests, subject to terms and conditions. While the  Host Guarantee Program is a commercial agreement with our hosts and for  which we are primarily responsible, we maintain a contractual liability  insurance policy to provide coverage to us for claims and losses incurred by us under the Host  Guarantee Program. Increased claim frequency and severity and increased  fraudulent claims could result in greater payouts, premium increases,  and/or difficulty securing coverage. Further, disputes with hosts as to whether the Host Guarantee Program  applies to alleged losses or damages and the increased submission of  fraudulent payment requests could require significant time and financial  resources.
Our  community support function is critical to the success of our platform,  and any failure to provide high-quality service could affect our ability to retain our existing hosts and guests and attract new  ones.
Our  ability to provide high-quality support to our community of hosts and guests is important for the growth of our  business and any failure to maintain such standards of community  support, or any perception that we do not provide high-quality service,  could affect our ability to retain and attract hosts and guests. Meeting the community support expectations of our  hosts and guests requires significant time and resources from our  community support team and significant investment in staffing,  technology, including automation and machine learning to improve efficiency, infrastructure, policies, and community  support tools. The failure to develop the appropriate technology,  infrastructure, policies, and community support tools, or to manage or  properly train our community support team, could compromise our ability
to resolve questions and complaints quickly and effectively. The number  of our hosts and guests has grown significantly and such growth, as well  as any future growth, will put additional pressure on our community support organization and our technology organization.  In addition, as we service a global customer base and continue to grow  outside of North America and Europe, we need to be able to provide  effective support that meets our hosts’ and guests’ needs and languages globally at scale. As part of our  reduction in force announced in May 2020, we significantly reduced the  number of employees in our community support organization and our  technology organization, which impacted our ability to provide effective support to our hosts and  guests. Our service is staffed based on complex algorithms that map to  our business forecasts. Any volatility in those forecasts could lead to  staffing gaps that could impact the quality of our service. We have in the past experienced and may in  the future experience backlog incidents that lead to substantial delays  or other issues in responding to requests for customer support, which  may reduce our ability to effectively retain hosts and guests.
The  vast majority of our community support is performed by a limited number  of third-party service providers. We rely on our internal team and these third parties to  provide timely and appropriate responses to the inquiries of hosts and  guests that come to us via telephone, email, social media, and chat.  Reliance on these third parties requires that we provide proper guidance and training for their employees,  maintain proper controls and procedures for interacting with our  community, and ensure acceptable levels of quality and customer  satisfaction are achieved.
We  provide community support to hosts and guests and help to mediate  disputes between hosts and guests. We rely on information provided by  hosts and guests and are at times limited in our ability to provide adequate  support or help hosts and guests resolve disputes due to our lack of  information or control. To the extent that hosts and guests are not  satisfied with the quality or timeliness of our community support or third-party support, we may not be able to  retain hosts or guests, and our reputation as well as our business,  results of operations, and financial condition could be materially  adversely affected.
When  a host or guest has a poor experience on our platform, we may issue  refunds or coupons for future stays. These refunds and coupons are  generally treated as a reduction to revenue, and we may make payouts for property  damage claims under our Host Guarantee Program, which we account for as  consideration paid to a customer and is also generally treated as a  reduction in revenue. A robust community support effort is costly, and we expect such cost to continue  to rise in the future as we grow our business. We have historically seen  a significant number of community support inquiries from hosts and  guests. Our efforts to reduce the number of community support requests may not be effective, and we could  incur increased costs without corresponding revenue, which would  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
A  significant portion of our bookings and revenue are denominated in  foreign currencies, and our financial results are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates.
A  significant portion of our business is denominated and transacted in  foreign currencies, which subjects us to foreign exchange risk. We offer integrated payments to  our hosts and guests in over 40 currencies. Generally speaking, U.S.  dollar strength adversely impacts the translation of the portion of our  revenue that is generated in foreign currencies into the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31,  2019 and the nine months ended September 30, 2020, approximately  60% and 50% of our revenue, respectively, was denominated in currencies  other than U.S. dollars.
Our results of operations could also be negatively impacted by a  strengthening of the U.S. dollar as a large portion of our costs are  U.S. dollar-denominated. We also have foreign exchange risk with respect  to certain of our assets, principally cash balances held on behalf of hosts and guests, that are denominated in  currencies other than the functional currency of our
subsidiaries, and our financial results are affected by the remeasurement and translation of these
non-U.S.
currencies into U.S. dollars, which is reflected in the effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash  equivalents, and restricted cash on the consolidated statements of cash  flows. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the effects of  exchange rates on our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash totaled $(25.3) million, due to fluctuations in  exchange rates and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. For the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, the effects of exchange rates on  our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash totaled $35.2 million due to fluctuations in  exchange rates and the weakening of the U.S. dollar. Furthermore, our  platform generally enables guests to make payments in the currency of  their choice to the extent that the currency is supported by Airbnb, which may not match the currency in  which the host elects to get paid. In those cases, we bear the currency  risk of both the guest payment as well as the host payment due to timing  differences in such payments. For the year ended December 31, 2019 and the nine months ended  September 30, 2020, we recorded net foreign currency losses of  $4.8 million and net foreign currency gains of $34.6 million,  respectively, in our consolidated statement of operations. While we have and may choose to enter into transactions  to hedge portions of our foreign currency translation and balance sheet  exposure in the future, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the  effects of foreign exchange rate exposure. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar could materially adversely  affect our results of operations and financial condition.
The value  of our equity investments in private companies could decline, which  could materially adversely affect our results of operations and  financial condition.
Our  equity investments in private companies where we do not have the  ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for using the  measurement alternative. Such investments are carried at cost, less any impairments,  and are adjusted for subsequent observable price changes, with such  changes in value recognized in other income (expense), net in our  consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, for our equity investments in private companies where we  have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, we  record our proportionate share of net income or loss in other income  (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations. The financial statements provided by these  companies are often unaudited. Our investments in private companies are  inherently risky, including early-stage companies with limited cash to  support their operations and companies whose results are negatively impacted by downturns in the  travel industry, such as the one currently occurring. The companies in  which we invest include early-stage companies that may still be  developing products and services with limited cash to support the development, marketing and sales of their products.  Further, our ability to liquidate such investments is typically  dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering or  acquisition, as no public market currently exists for the securities held in the investees. Valuations of privately-held  companies are inherently complex and uncertain due to the lack of a  liquid market for the securities of such companies. If we determine that  any of our investments in such companies have experienced a decline in value, we will recognize an  expense to adjust the carrying value to its estimated fair value. We  recorded impairment charges of $27.8 million for the year ended  December 31, 2019 and $82.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020  relating to investments in private companies, and may experience similar  or greater losses on our investments in the future. Negative changes in  the estimated fair value of private companies in which we invest could have a material adverse effect on our  results of operations and financial condition.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated income tax liabilities.
Our  income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner  in which we operate our business, develop, value, manage, protect, and  use our intellectual property, and determine the value of our  intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business, including those of the United States and  other jurisdictions, are subject to
interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting  their laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue from  companies such as Airbnb. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies  for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which  could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and materially adversely  affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We  are subject to regular review and audit by U.S. federal, state, local,  and foreign tax authorities. For example, our 2008 to 2019 tax years remain subject to examination in the United States and  California due to tax attributes and statutes of limitations, and our  2015 to 2019 tax years remain subject to examination in Ireland. We are  currently under examination for income taxes by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the years 2013  and 2016. We are continuing to respond to inquiries related to these  examinations. While we have not yet received a Revenue Agent’s Report  generally issued at the conclusion of an IRS examination, in September 2020, we received a Draft  Notice of Proposed Adjustment from the IRS for the 2013 tax year  relating to the valuation of our international intellectual property  which was sold to a subsidiary in 2013. The notice proposes an increase to our U.S. taxable income that could  result in additional income tax expense and cash tax liability of $1.35  billion, plus penalties and interest, which exceeds our current reserve  recorded in our consolidated financial statements by more than $1.0 billion. A formal Notice of  Proposed Adjustment is expected from the IRS by the end of 2020. We  disagree with the proposed adjustment and intend to vigorously contest  it. If we are not able to resolve the proposed adjustment at the IRS examination-level, we plan to pursue all  available administrative and, if necessary, judicial remedies which may  include: entering into administrative settlement discussions with the  IRS Independent Office of Appeals (“IRS Appeals”) in 2021, and if necessary petitioning the U.S. Tax Court  (“Tax Court”) for redetermination if an acceptable outcome cannot be  reached with IRS Appeals, and finally, and if necessary, appealing the  Tax Court’s decision to the appropriate appellate court. If the IRS prevails in the  assessment of additional tax due based on its position and such tax and  related interest and penalties, if any, exceeds our current reserves,  such outcome could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations, and  any assessment of additional tax could require a significant cash  payment and have a material adverse impact on our cash flow.
In  the third quarter of 2020, we approved a restructuring plan to  repatriate our intellectual property to the United States to align with  our evolving operations in a post COVID-19 environment. The multiple transactions  that comprise the restructuring are expected to be completed in the  fourth quarter of 2020. The restructuring plan involves numerous  intercompany arrangements and tax jurisdictions and requires the valuation of multiple intercompany transactions which  could be challenged by respective tax authorities, including as a result  of reduced valuations caused by forecast adjustments due to the impact  of COVID-19, and any adverse outcome of any review or audit could materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are  currently under a multilateral control audit (“MLC”) where a number of  individual European state audits are combined. The MLC audit is focused on VAT characterization and  compliance, access to host data, and transfer pricing. Tax authorities  may disagree with certain positions we have taken and any adverse  outcome of any review or audit could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
The  determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by  management, and there are many transactions where the ultimate tax  determination is uncertain. Our provision for income taxes is also  determined by the manner in which we operate our business, and any changes to such operations or laws applicable to such  operations may affect our effective tax rate. Changes in accounting for  intercompany transactions may also affect our effective tax rate. For  example, with the adoption of ASU
No. 2016-16,
effective January 1, 2018, the income tax effects of an  intercompany transfer are recognized in the period in which the transfer  occurs, rather than
amortized over time, which may increase the impact of such transfers on  our effective tax rate in a particular period. Although we believe that  our provision for income taxes is reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our  financial statements and could materially affect our financial results  in the period or periods for which such determination is made. In  addition, our future tax expense could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in  jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than  anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by  changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or  accounting principles. For example, we have previously incurred losses  in the United States and certain international subsidiaries that  resulted in an effective tax rate that is significantly higher than the statutory tax rate in the United States  and this could continue to happen in the future. We may also be subject  to additional tax liability relating to indirect or other
non-income
taxes, as described  in our risk factor titled “— Uncertainty in the application of taxes to  our hosts, guests, or platform could increase our tax liabilities and  may discourage hosts and guests from conducting business on our platform.” Our tax positions or  tax returns are subject to change, and therefore we cannot accurately  predict whether we may incur material additional tax liabilities in the  future, which would materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
In  addition, in connection with any planned or future acquisitions, we may acquire businesses that have differing licenses and other arrangements  that may be challenged by tax authorities for not being at
arm’s-length
or that are potentially less tax efficient than our licenses and arrangements. Any subsequent integration or continued operation of  such acquired businesses may result in an increased effective tax rate  in certain jurisdictions or potential indirect tax costs, which could  result in us incurring additional tax liabilities or having to establish a reserve in our consolidated  financial statements, and materially adversely affect our results of  operations and financial condition.
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and
non-income
(including indirect) taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change.  Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of  existing laws, could materially adversely affect our results of  operations and financial condition. For example, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals issued a decision in
Altera Corp. v. Commissioner
in June of 2019 regarding the treatment of stock-based compensation  expense in a cost sharing arrangement, which had a material effect on  our tax obligations and effective tax rate for the quarter in which the decision  was issued. In addition, on December 22, 2017, the legislation  commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”) was  enacted, which contains significant changes to U.S. tax law, including a reduction in the  corporate tax rate and a transition to a more territorial system of  taxation. The primary impact of this legislation on our provision for  income taxes was a reduction of the future tax benefits of our deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in  the corporate tax rate. Since we have recorded a full valuation  allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets, these changes did not  have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, the impact of the Tax Act will likely be  subject to ongoing technical guidance and accounting interpretation, the  issuance of which could materially affect our tax obligations and  effective tax rate in the period issued. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and  Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted in response to the
COVID-19
pandemic. The CARES Act contains certain tax provisions, including provisions that retroactively and/or temporarily  suspend or relax in certain respects the application of certain  provisions in the Tax Act, such as the limitations on the deduction of  net operating losses and interest. In addition, many countries in Europe, as well as a number of other  countries and states, have recently proposed or recommended changes to  existing tax laws or have enacted new laws that could significantly  increase our tax obligations
in many countries and states where we do business or require us to  change the manner in which we operate our business. For example, in  Italy, a 2017 law requires short-term rental platforms that process payments to collect and remit host income tax and tourist tax,  amongst other obligations. Airbnb has challenged this law before the  Italian courts but if we are unsuccessful this will lead to further  compliance and potentially significant prior and future tax obligations.
The  Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has been working  on a Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, and issued a report in 2015 and an interim report in  2018, and is expected to continue to issue guidelines and proposals that  may change various aspects of the existing framework under which our  tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. Similarly, the European  Commission and several countries have issued proposals that would change  various aspects of the current tax framework under which we are taxed.  These proposals include changes to the existing framework to calculate income tax, as well as proposals to  change or impose new types of
non-income
(including indirect) taxes, including taxes based on a percentage of  revenue. For example, France, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom, among others, have each  proposed or enacted taxes applicable to digital services, which includes  business activities on digital platforms and would likely apply to our  business.
The  European Commission has conducted investigations in multiple countries  focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax law provide preferential tax treatment that violates European Union state aid rules  and concluded that certain countries, including Ireland, have provided  illegal state aid in certain cases. These investigations may result in  changes to the tax treatment of our foreign operations. Due to the large and increasing scale of our  international business activities, many of these types of changes to the  taxation of our activities described above and in our risk factor  titled “— Uncertainty in the application of taxes to our hosts, guests, or platform could increase  our tax liabilities and may discourage hosts and guests from conducting  business on our platform” could increase our worldwide effective tax  rate, increase the amount of
non-income
(including indirect) taxes imposed on our business, and materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition. Such changes may also apply retroactively to our historical operations and result in taxes greater than the amounts  estimated and recorded in our financial statements.
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.
As  of December 31, 2019, we had net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes of  $116.7 million available to offset future taxable income. If not  utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to  expire in 2034. As of December 31, 2019, we had net operating loss carryforwards for  state income tax purposes of $167.6 million, which will expire, if  not utilized, beginning in 2033. While federal net operating loss  carryforwards generated on or after January 1, 2018 are not subject to expiration, the deductibility of  such net operating loss carryforwards is limited to 80% of our taxable  income for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. In  addition, we expect to generate significant stock compensation deductions as a result of this offering  starting in                      ,  which would substantially increase the size of our net operating loss carryforwards. Realization of these net  operating loss carryforwards depends on our future taxable income, and  there is a risk that our existing carryforwards could expire unused and  be unavailable to offset future taxable income, which could materially adversely affect our results of  operations and financial condition. In addition, under Sections 382 and  383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), if a  corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by  value) in its equity ownership by significant stockholders or groups of  stockholders over a three-year period, the corporation’s ability to use  its
pre-change
net operating loss carryforwards and other
pre-change
tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change taxable income or tax liabilities may be limited. Similar rules may apply
under state tax laws. We may have undergone ownership changes in the  past, and we may experience ownership changes in the future because of  shifts in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control. Our ability to use our
pre-change
net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset  future U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which  could result in increased future tax liability to us.
Our  business depends on attracting and retaining capable management and  employees, and the loss of any key personnel could materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our  success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain  high-quality management and employees. Brian Chesky, Joe Gebbia, and  Nathan Blecharczyk founded our company and have been instrumental in devising  and implementing our strategies for growth and scaling our business. Our  founders and other members of our senior management team, as well as  other employees, may terminate their employment with us at any time, which could materially adversely affect  our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
As  we continue to grow, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to attract  and retain the personnel we need. Our business requires highly skilled  technical, engineering, design, product, data analytics, marketing,  business development, and community support personnel, including executive-level employees, who are in high  demand and are often subject to competing offers. Competition for  qualified employees and executive-level employees is intense in our  industry and particularly in San Francisco where we have our headquarters and other jurisdictions where we operate.  The loss of qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain,  and motivate employees required for the planned expansion of our  business would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition and impair  our ability to grow.
To  attract and retain key personnel, we use various measures, including an equity incentive program. As we continue to  mature, the incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees  provided by our programs or by future arrangements may not be as  effective as in the past. We have a number of current employees, including our founders, who hold equity in our  company or whose equity awards are or will become substantially vested  upon the completion of this offering. As a result, it may be difficult  for us to continue to retain and motivate these employees, and the value of their holdings could affect their  decisions about whether or not they continue to work for us. Our ability  to attract, retain, and motivate employees may be adversely affected by  declines in our stock price. If we issue significant equity to attract employees or to retain our existing  employees, we would incur substantial additional stock-based  compensation expense and the ownership of our existing stockholders  would be further diluted.
In response to the economic challenges and uncertainty resulting from the
COVID-19
pandemic and its impact on our business, in May 2020, we announced a reduction in force of  approximately 1,800 employees. This has led to increased attrition and  could lead to reduced employee morale and productivity and problems  retaining existing and recruiting future employees, which could have a material adverse impact on our business,  results of operations, and financial condition.
Consumer  use of devices and platforms other than desktop computers creates  challenges. If we are unable to operate effectively on these platforms,  our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected.
People regularly access the Internet through mobile phones, tablets, handheld computers, voice-assisted speakers, television
set-top
devices, smart televisions, wearables, and automobile
in-dash
systems. These
devices enable new modalities of interaction, such as conversational  user interfaces, and new intermediaries, such as “super-apps” like  WeChat, where consumers can use many online services without leaving a particular app. We anticipate that the use of  these means of access will continue to grow and that usage through  desktop computers will continue to decline, especially in certain  regions of the world experiencing the highest rate of Internet adoption. The functionality and user  experiences associated with these alternative devices, such as a smaller  screen size or lack of a screen, may make the use of our platform  through such devices more difficult than through a desktop computer, lower the use of our platform, and make it more  difficult for our hosts to upload content to our platform. In addition,  consumer purchasing patterns can differ on alternative devices, and it  is uncertain how the proliferation of mobile devices will impact the use of our platform and services. Mobile  consumers may also be unwilling to download multiple apps from multiple  companies providing similar services meaning that such consumers may opt  to use one of our competitors’ services instead of ours. As a result, brand recognition  and the consumer experience with our mobile app will likely become  increasingly important to our business. In addition, these new  modalities create opportunities for device or systems companies, such as Amazon, Apple, and Google, to control the  interaction with our consumers and disintermediate existing platforms  such as ours.
We  need to provide solutions for consumers who are limited in the size of  the app they can support on their mobile devices and address latency  issues in countries with lower bandwidth for both desktop and mobile devices.  Because our platform contains data-intensive media, these issues are  exacerbated. As new devices, operating systems, and platforms continue  to be released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adapting our offerings and  features to them, and we may need to devote significant resources to the  creation, support, and maintenance of our offerings and features.
Our  success will also depend on the interoperability of our offerings with a  range of third-party technologies, systems, networks, operating  systems, and standards, including iOS and Android; the availability of our mobile  apps in app stores and in
“super-app”
environments; and the creation, maintenance, and development of  relationships with key participants in related industries, some of which may also be our  competitors. In addition, if accessibility of various apps is limited by  executive order or other government actions, the full functionality of  devices may not be available to our customers. Moreover, third-party platforms, services and offerings are  constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to  assure its compatibility with those of third parties. If we lose such  interoperability, we experience difficulties or increased costs in integrating our offerings into  alternative devices or systems, or manufacturers or operating systems  elect not to include our offerings, make changes that degrade the  functionality of our offerings, or give preferential treatment to competitive products, the growth of our  community and our business, results of operations, and financial  condition could be materially adversely affected. This risk may be  exacerbated by the frequency with which consumers change or upgrade their devices. In the event consumers choose devices  that do not already include or support our platform or do not install  our mobile apps when they change or upgrade their devices, our traffic  and host and guest engagement may be harmed.
If we are unable to adapt to changes in technology and the evolving demands of hosts and guests, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
The  industries in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards,  consolidation, frequent new offering announcements, introductions, and  enhancements, and changing consumer demands and preferences. In 2018, we  began making incremental investments in upgrading our technology platform to a service-oriented architecture,  improving data management, and increasing our service reliability, and  we invested heavily in our technology in 2019. Our future success will
depend on our ability to adapt our platform and services to evolving  industry standards and local preferences and to continually innovate and  improve the performance, features, and reliability of our platform and services in response to competitive offerings and the  evolving demands of hosts and guests. Our future success will also  depend on our ability to adapt to emerging technologies such as  tokenization, cryptocurrencies, new authentication technologies, such as biometrics, distributed ledger and  blockchain technologies, artificial intelligence, virtual and augmented  reality, and cloud technologies. As a result, we intend to continue to  spend significant resources maintaining, developing, and enhancing our technologies and platform;  however, these efforts may be more costly than expected and may not be  successful. For example, we may not make the appropriate investments in  new technologies, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition. Further, technological innovation often results in  unintended consequences such as bugs, vulnerabilities, and other system  failures. Any such bug, vulnerability, or failure, especially in connection with a significant  technical implementation or change, could result in lost business, harm  to our brand or reputation, consumer complaints, and other adverse  consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
Another  critical component to our future success will be our ability to integrate new or emerging payment methods into our  platform to offer alternative payment solutions to consumers. Alternate  payment providers such as Alipay, Paytm, and WeChat Pay operate  closed-loop payments systems with direct connections to both consumers and merchants. In many regions,  particularly in Asia where credit cards are not readily available and/or
e-commerce
is largely carried out through mobile devices, these and other emerging alternate payment methods are the exclusive or preferred means of payment for many consumers.
We  are subject to payment-related fraud and an increase in or failure to deal effectively  with fraud, fraudulent activities, fictitious transactions, or illegal  transactions would materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
We  process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a  daily basis. When hosts do not fulfill their obligations to guests, there are fictitious listings on our platform, or  there are host account takeovers, we have incurred and will continue to  incur losses from claims by hosts and guests, and these losses may be  substantial. Such instances have and can lead to the reversal of payments received by us for such  bookings, referred to as a “chargeback.” For the year ended  December 31, 2019 and the nine months ended September 30,  2020, total chargeback expense was $92.2 million and $95.1 million, respectively. Our ability to  detect and combat fraudulent schemes, which have become increasingly  common and sophisticated, could be adversely impacted by the adoption of  new payment methods, the emergence and innovation of new technology platforms, including mobile and other  devices, and our growth in certain regions, including in regions with a  history of elevated fraudulent activity. We expect that  technically-knowledgeable criminals will continue to attempt to circumvent our anti-fraud systems. In addition, the  payment card networks have rules around acceptable chargeback ratios. If  we are unable to effectively combat fictitious listings and fraudulent  bookings on our platform, combat the use of fraudulent credit cards, or otherwise maintain or lower our  current levels of charge-backs, we may be subject to fines and higher  transaction fees or be unable to continue to accept card payments  because payment card networks have revoked our access to their networks, any of which would materially adversely impact  our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our payments  platform is susceptible to potentially illegal or improper uses,  including money laundering, transactions in violation of economic and  trade sanctions, terrorist financing, fraudulent listings, host account  takeovers, or the facilitation of other illegal activity. Use of our payments platform for illegal or
improper uses has subjected us, and may subject us in the future, to  claims, lawsuits, and government and regulatory investigations,  inquiries, or requests, which could result in liability and reputational harm for us. We have taken measures to detect and reduce  fraud and illegal activities, but these measures need to be continually  improved and may add friction to our booking process. These measures may  also not be effective against fraud and illegal activities, particularly new and continually evolving  forms of circumvention. If these measures do not succeed in reducing  fraud, our business, results of operations, and financial condition  would be materially adversely affected.
Our  payments platform is subject to extensive government regulation and  oversight. Our failure to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping, and frequently changing laws, rules, regulations, policies,  legal interpretations, and regulatory guidance could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
Our  payments platform is subject to various laws, rules, regulations,  policies, legal interpretations, and regulatory guidance, including  those governing: cross-border and domestic money transmission and funds  transfers; stored value and prepaid access; foreign exchange; privacy,  data protection, and cybersecurity; banking secrecy; payment services  (including payment processing and settlement services); consumer protection; economic and trade sanctions;  and anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing. As we expand  and localize our international activities, we have and will become  increasingly subject to the laws of additional countries or geographies. In addition, because we facilitate  bookings on our platform worldwide, one or more jurisdictions may claim  that we or our customers are required to comply with their laws. Laws  regulating our payments platform outside of the United States often impose different, more specific, or  even conflicting obligations on us, as well as broader liability. For  example, certain transactions that may be permissible in a local  jurisdiction may be prohibited by regulations of the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign  Assets Control (“OFAC”) or U.S. anti-money laundering or  counter-terrorist financing regulations.
We  have assessed, and will continue to assess, the adequacy of our  policies, procedures, and internal controls for ensuring compliance with  applicable laws, rules, regulations, policies, legal interpretations, and  regulatory guidance, including the ones described below. Through these  assessments, we have identified, and may in the future identify, certain  gaps or weaknesses in our existing compliance programs, including in our policies, procedures, or internal  controls. As a result of findings from these assessments, we have, are,  and may in the future take certain actions, such as implementing  enhancements to our compliance measures and amending, updating, or revising our policies, procedures, and  internal controls, and other operational frameworks, designed to monitor  for and ensure compliance with existing and new laws, rules,  regulations, policies, legal interpretations, and regulatory guidance. Implementing appropriate measures to fully  remediate or address findings from assessments of our compliance  programs may require us to incur significant costs.
Any  failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws and  regulations, including the ones described in this risk factor, or orders  of any governmental authority, including changes to or expansion of their  interpretations, may subject us to significant fines, penalties,  criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets,  enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions, result in additional compliance and licensure requirements, and  increased regulatory scrutiny of our business. In addition, we may be  forced to restrict or change our operations or business practices, make  product changes, or delay planned product launches or improvements. Any of the foregoing could materially  adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of operations,  and financial condition. The complexity of global regulatory and  enforcement regimes, coupled with the global scope of our operations and the evolving global regulatory environment,  could result in a single event giving rise to a large number of  overlapping investigations and
legal and regulatory proceedings by multiple government authorities in  different jurisdictions, and have an adverse impact on, or result in the  termination of, our relationships with financial institutions and other service providers on whom we rely for payment  processing services. Our ability to track and verify transactions to  comply with these regulations, including the ones described in this risk  factor, require a high level of internal controls. As our business continues to grow and regulations  change, we must continue to strengthen our associated internal controls.  Any failure to maintain the necessary controls could result in  reputational harm and result in significant penalties and fines from regulators.
Payments Regulation
In  the United States, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Airbnb Payments, Inc.  (“Airbnb Payments”), is registered as a “Money Services Business” with the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes  Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”), and subject to regulatory oversight and  enforcement by FinCEN under the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA  PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “BSA”). Airbnb Payments has also obtained licenses to operate as a  money transmitter (or its equivalent) in various states and territories  where such licenses are required. As a licensed money transmitter,  Airbnb Payments is subject to obligations and restrictions with respect to the handling and  investment of customer funds, record keeping and reporting requirements,  bonding requirements, and inspection by state regulatory agencies. In  U.S. states and territories in which Airbnb Payments has not obtained a license to operate as a money  transmitter (or its equivalent), we may be required to apply for  licenses or regulatory approvals, including due to changes in applicable  laws and regulations or their interpretations.
We  issue gift cards in the United States for use on our platform and are  subject to consumer protection and disclosure regulations relating to those services. If we seek to expand our gift cards or other stored  value card products and services, or as a result of regulatory changes,  we may be subject to additional regulation and may be required to obtain  additional licenses and registrations, which we may not be able to obtain.
We  principally provide our payment services to hosts and guests in the EEA  through Airbnb Payments Luxembourg SA (“APLux”), our wholly-owned subsidiary that is  licensed and subject to regulation as a payments institution in  Luxembourg. EEA laws and regulations are typically subject to different  and potentially inconsistent interpretations by the countries that are members of the EEA, which can  make compliance more costly and operationally difficult to manage. For  example, countries that are EEA members may each have different and  potentially inconsistent domestic regulations implementing European Directives, including the European  Union Payment Services Directive, the Revised Payment Services Directive  (“PSD2”), the
E-Money
Directive, and the Fourth and Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directives. Further, we provide our payments  services to hosts and guests in the United Kingdom and other geographies  outside the United States and the EEA through Airbnb Payments UK  Limited (“APUK”), our wholly-owned subsidiary that is licensed and subject to regulation as an electronic  money institution (“EMI”) in the United Kingdom.
PSD2  imposes new standards for payment security and strong customer authentication  that may make it more difficult and time consuming to carry out a  payment transaction. These authentication requirements were originally  scheduled to commence in September 2019, but European national supervisory authorities have decided to delay  enforcing them until January 1, 2021, and they will go into force in the  United Kingdom on September 14, 2021. In many cases, strong customer  authentication will require our European guests to engage in additional steps to authenticate payment  transactions and European hosts to perform authentication upon access to  their payout account or modification of their payout account  information. These additional authentication requirements may make our platform experience for hosts and guests in  the European Economic Area substantially less convenient, and such loss  of convenience could meaningfully reduce the frequency with which our  customers use our platform or could cause some hosts
and guests to stop using our platform entirely, which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
In  geographies outside the United States and the EEA, we provide our  payment services to hosts and guests through APUK and our other  wholly-owned payment entities. In many countries or geographies, it is and may not be  clear whether we are required to be licensed as a payment services  provider, electronic money institution, financial institution, or  otherwise. In such instances, we partner with local banks and licensed payment processors to process payments and  conduct foreign exchange transactions in local currency. Local  regulators may slow or halt payments to hosts conducted through local  banks and licensed payment processors or otherwise prohibit or impede us from doing business in a jurisdiction.  We may be required to apply for various additional licenses,  certifications, and regulatory approvals, including due to changes in  applicable laws and regulations or their interpretations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to (or  decide to) obtain any such licenses, certifications, and approvals.
There are  substantial costs and potential changes to our offerings involved in  obtaining, maintaining, and renewing licenses, certifications, and  approvals globally. Our payments entities are subject to inspections,  examinations, supervision, and regulation by each relevant regulating authority, including, within the  United States, by each state in which Airbnb Payments is licensed. We  could be subject to significant fines or other enforcement actions if we  are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions,  capitalization, fund management, corporate governance and internal  controls, risk management, privacy, data protection and data  localization, information security, banking secrecy, taxation, sanctions, or other laws and requirements, including those  imposed on United Kingdom EMIs and Luxembourg payments institutions.  These factors could involve considerable delay to the development or  provision of our offerings or services, require significant and costly operational changes, impose restrictions,  limitations, or additional requirements on our business, or prevent us  from providing our offerings or services in a given geography.
Consumer Protection
We  are subject to consumer protection laws and regulations in the U.S. states and  countries from which we provide payment services. In the United States,  the Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  (the “CFPB”), which is empowered to conduct rulemaking and supervision related to, and  enforcement of, federal consumer financial protection laws. We are  subject to a number of such federal consumer financial protection laws  and regulations, as well as related state consumer protection laws and regulations, including the Electronic Fund  Transfer Act and Regulation E as implemented by the CFPB. Money  transmitters such as Airbnb Payments are subject to direct supervision  and periodic examination by the CFPB and are required to provide advance disclosure of changes to our services,  follow specified error resolution procedures, and reimburse consumers  for losses from certain transactions not authorized by the consumer,  among other requirements. In addition, the CFPB may adopt other regulations governing consumer financial  services, including regulations defining unfair, deceptive, or abusive  acts or practices, and new model disclosures.
We  could be subject to fines or other penalties if we are found to have  violated the Dodd-Frank Act’s prohibition against unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices or other consumer financial protection laws  enforced by the CFPB or other agencies. The CFPB’s authority to change  regulations adopted in the past by other regulators could increase our  compliance costs and litigation exposure. Additionally, technical violations of consumer protection laws  could result in the assessment of actual damages or statutory damages  or penalties, including plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees. The Dodd-Frank Act  also empowers state attorneys general and other state officials to enforce federal consumer  protection laws under specified conditions. Various government offices  and agencies, including various state agencies and state
attorneys general (as well as the CFPB and the U.S. Department of  Justice), have the authority to conduct reviews, investigations, and  proceedings (both formal and informal) involving us or our subsidiaries. These examinations, inquiries and proceedings could result  in, among other things, substantial fines, penalties or changes in  business practices that may require us to incur substantial costs.
We  provide payment services that may be subject to various U.S. state and  federal privacy laws and regulations. Relevant federal privacy laws  include the GLBA, which (along with its implementing regulations) restricts  certain collection, processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal  information, requires notice to individuals of privacy practices, and  provides individuals with certain rights to prevent the use and disclosure of certain nonpublic or  otherwise legally protected information. These rules also impose  requirements for the safeguarding and proper destruction of personal  information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. See our risk factor titled “— If we fail to  comply with federal, state, and foreign laws relating to privacy and  data protection, we may face potentially significant liability, negative  publicity, an erosion of trust, and increased regulation could materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.”
In  addition to United Kingdom and Luxembourg payments-related consumer protection  laws that are applicable to our business, regulators in European Union  member states could notify APUK and APLux of local consumer protection  laws that apply to our businesses, and could also seek to persuade the United Kingdom and Luxembourg  regulators to order APUK or APLux to conduct their activities in the  local country directly or through a branch office. These or similar  actions by these regulators could increase the cost of, or delay, our plans to expand our business in European Union  countries.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing
We  are subject to various anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist  financing laws and regulations around the world, including the BSA. Among other things, the BSA requires money services businesses  (including money transmitters such as Airbnb Payments) to develop and  implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash  transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. The BSA prohibits, among other things, our  involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities. In  connection with and when required by regulatory requirements, we make  information available to certain U.S. federal and state, as well as certain foreign, government agencies to  assist in the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing, and  other illegal activities and pursuant to legal obligations and  authorizations. In certain circumstances, we may be required by government agencies to deny transactions that may be  related to persons suspected of money laundering, terrorist financing,  or other illegal activities, and it is possible that we may  inadvertently deny transactions from customers who are making legal money transfers. Regulators in the United States  and globally may require us to further revise or expand our compliance  program, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our  customers and to monitor international and domestic transactions. In the European Union, the  implementation of the Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive (“MLD4”)  may make compliance more costly and operationally difficult to manage,  lead to increased friction for customers, and result in a decrease in business. Penalties for
non-compliance
with MLD4 could include fines of up to 10% of APUK’s or APLux’s total  annual turnover. In April 2018, the European Parliament adopted the European Commission’s proposal for a Fifth  Anti-Money Laundering Directive (“MLD5”), containing more stringent  provisions in certain areas, which will increase compliance costs. In  July 2019, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) called on UK electronic money institutions to  review their compliance with the requirements on safeguarding of  customer funds and to notify the FCA in the event they identified any  material non-compliance. APUK notified the FCA that it had identified gaps in its compliance and was  undertaking remedial action. The FCA, in turn, appointed a third-party  skilled person to perform a review of APUK’s safeguarding systems and  controls, in accordance with Section 166 of the Financial Services and Markets
Act 2000 (as amended) and all required actions identified by the skilled  person have now been completed. As part of its review, the skilled  person also identified certain issues with APUK’s anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing systems and  controls. In August 2020, APUK submitted a gap analysis to the FCA of  its compliance with the UK’s implementation of MLD4 and MLD5, which  identified in-progress remedial action. To date, APUK has received no correspondence related to this gap  analysis from the FCA.
We  are subject to governmental economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations that limit the scope of our  offering. Additionally, failure to comply with applicable economic and  trade sanctions laws and regulations could subject us to liability and  negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We  are required to comply with economic and trade sanctions administered  by governments where we operate, including the U.S. government (including without limitation  regulations administered and enforced by OFAC and the U.S. Department of  State), the Council of the European Union, the Office of Financial  Sanctions Implementation of Her Majesty’s Treasury in the United Kingdom (“OFSI”) and the Ministry of  Finance and Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of  Luxembourg. These economic and trade sanctions prohibit or restrict  transactions to or from or dealings with certain specified countries, regions, their governments  and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and  entities that are specially-designated, such as individuals and  entities included on OFAC’s List of Specially Designated Nationals (“SDN List”), subject to EU/UK asset  freezes, or other sanctions measures. Any future economic and trade  sanctions imposed in jurisdictions where we have significant business  could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our  ability to track and verify transactions and otherwise to comply with  these regulations require a high level of internal controls. We maintain  policies and procedures to implement these internal controls, which we periodically assess and update to the  extent we identify compliance gaps. We routinely report to OFAC on  payments we have rejected or blocked pursuant to OFAC sanctions  regulations and on any possible violations of those regulations. We have also reported to OFSI on dealings with  persons subject to EU/UK sanctions. There is a risk that, despite the  internal controls that we have in place, we have engaged in dealings  with persons sanctioned under applicable sanctions laws. Any
non-compliance
with economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations or related  investigations could result in claims or actions against us and  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. As our business  continues to grow and regulations change, we may be required to make  additional investments in our internal controls or modify our business.
Since  July 2019, we conducted an internal review and have been holding  related discussions with OFAC regarding certain user activity on our  platform that may have been inconsistent with our policies and the requirements  of U.S. sanctions laws. The scope of this review included activity by  users in certain countries and territories that were or are the target  of U.S. sanctions laws. In July 2020, OFAC issued to us a cautionary letter and no administrative penalty with  respect to certain aspects of that review concerning the Crimea region  of Ukraine. The internal review also covered certain other issues  concerning our compliance with OFAC’s sanctions program, focusing in particular on our business in  Cuba, and as to our compliance with restrictions on transactions with  specially designated nationals. We submitted the results of that  internal review in final Voluntary Self Disclosures to OFAC in September 2020. In October 2020, OFAC issued to  us cautionary letters and a no action letter, and no administrative  penalties, with respect to the disclosed matters involving specially  designated nationals. OFAC’s review of our voluntary self disclosure regarding Cuba is ongoing and we remain  in close contact with OFAC. Depending upon OFAC’s assessment of the  Cuba review, we could be subject to potentially significant monetary  civil penalties and litigation, and our brand and reputation could be materially adversely affected.
We are subject to payment network rules and any material modification of our payment card acceptance privileges could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The  loss of our credit and debit card acceptance privileges or the  significant modification of the terms under which we obtain card  acceptance privileges would significantly limit our business model since a vast  majority of our guests pay using credit or debit cards. We are required  by our payment processors to comply with payment card network operating  rules, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (the “PCI DSS”). Under the PCI DSS, we  are required to adopt and implement internal controls over the use,  storage, and transmission of card data to help prevent credit card  fraud. If we fail to comply with the rules and regulations adopted by the payment card networks,  including the PCI DSS, we would be in breach of our contractual  obligations to payment processors and merchant banks. Such failure to  comply may damage our relationship with payment card networks, subject us to restrictions, fines, penalties, damages,  and civil liability, and could eventually prevent us from processing or  accepting payment cards, which would have a material adverse effect on  our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, the payment card networks could adopt  new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules that we  or our payment processors might find difficult or even impossible to  comply with, or costly to implement. As a result, we could lose our ability to give consumers the option of  using payment cards to make their payments or the choice of currency in  which they would like their payment card to be charged. Further, there  is no guarantee that, even if we comply with the rules and regulations adopted by the payment card  networks, we will be able to maintain our payment card acceptance  privileges. We also cannot guarantee that our compliance with network  rules or the PCI DSS will prevent illegal or improper use of our payments platform or the theft, loss, or misuse of  the credit card data of customers or participants, or a security breach.  We are also required to submit to periodic audits, self-assessments,  and other assessments of our compliance with the PCI DSS. If an audit, self-assessment, or other  assessment indicates that we need to take steps to remediate any  deficiencies, such remediation efforts may distract our management team  and require us to undertake costly and time-consuming remediation efforts, and we could lose our payment card  acceptance privileges.
We  are also subject to network operating rules and guidelines promulgated by the National Automated Clearing House  Association (“NACHA”) relating to payment transactions we process using  the Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) Network. Like the payment networks,  NACHA may update its operating rules and guidelines at any time, which can require us to take  more costly compliance measures or to develop more complex monitoring  systems.
We  rely on third-party payment service providers to process payments made  by guests and payments made to hosts on our platform. If these third-party payment service providers become unavailable or we are  subject to increased fees, our business, results of operations, and  financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
We  rely on a number of third-party payment service providers, including  payment card networks, banks, payment processors, and payment gateways,  to link us to payment card and bank clearing networks to process payments  made by our guests and to remit payments to hosts on our platform. We  have agreements with these providers, some of whom are the sole  providers of their particular service.
If  these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to  us on acceptable terms or at all, our business may be disrupted, we  would need to find an alternate payment service provider, and we may not be  able to secure similar terms or replace such payment service provider in  an acceptable time frame. If we are forced to migrate to other  third-party payment service providers for any reason, the transition would require significant time and management  resources, and may not be as effective,
efficient, or well-received by our hosts and guests. Any of the  foregoing could cause us to incur significant losses and, in certain  cases, require us to make payments to hosts out of our funds, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
In  addition, the software and services provided by our third-party payment service providers may fail to meet  our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised, or  experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our  ability to accept online payments or other payment transactions or make timely payments to hosts on our  platform, which could make our platform less convenient and desirable to  customers and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain hosts  and guests.
Moreover,  our agreements with payment service providers may allow these  companies, under certain conditions, to hold an amount of our cash as a reserve. They may be entitled to a reserve or suspension of processing  services upon the occurrence of specified events, including material  adverse changes in our business, results of operations, and financial  condition. An imposition of a reserve or suspension of processing services by one or more of our processing  companies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results  of operations, and financial condition.
If  we fail to invest adequate resources into the payment processing  infrastructure on our platform, or if our investment efforts are  unsuccessful or unreliable, our payments activities may not function properly or keep  pace with competitive offerings, which could adversely impact their  usage. Further, our ability to expand our payments activities into  additional countries is dependent upon the third-party providers we use to support these activities. As we expand  the availability of our payments activities to additional geographies or  offer new payment methods to our hosts and guests in the future, we may  become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements, and exposed to heightened fraud  risk, which could lead to an increase in our operating expenses.
For certain  payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange  and other fees, and such fees result in significant costs. Payment card  network costs have increased, and may continue to increase in the  future, the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for each transaction that accesses their  networks, and may impose special fees or assessments on any such  transaction. Our payment card processors have the right to pass any  increases in interchange fees and assessments on to us. Credit card transactions result in higher fees to us than  transactions made through debit cards. Any material increase in  interchange fees in the United States or other geographies, including as  a result of changes in interchange fee limitations imposed by law in some geographies, or other network fees or  assessments, or a shift from payment with debit cards to credit cards  could increase our operating costs and materially adversely affect our  business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our failure to properly manage funds held on behalf of customers could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We  offer integrated payments in over 40 currencies to allow access to guest demand from more than 220 countries and regions and the ability  for many hosts to be paid in their local currency or payment method of  choice. When a guest books and pays for a stay or experience on our  platform, we hold the total amount the guest has paid until
check-in,
at which time we recognize our service fee as revenue and initiate the  process to remit the payment to the host, which generally occurs 24  hours after the scheduled
check-in,
barring any alterations or cancellations, which may result in funds  being returned to the guest. Accordingly, at any given time, we hold on  behalf of our hosts and guests a substantial amount of funds, which are generally held in bank deposit accounts and in U.S. treasury  bills and recorded on our consolidated balance sheets as funds  receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers. In certain  jurisdictions, we are required to either safeguard customer funds in bankruptcy-remote bank accounts, or
hold such funds in eligible liquid assets, as defined by the relevant  regulators in such jurisdictions, equal to at least 100% of the  aggregate amount held on behalf of customers. Our ability to manage and account accurately for the cash underlying our customer funds  requires a high level of internal controls. As our business continues  to grow and we expand our offerings and tiers, we must continue to  strengthen our associated internal controls. Our success requires significant public confidence in our  ability to handle large and growing transaction volumes and amounts of  customer funds. Any failure to maintain the necessary controls or to  manage the assets underlying our customer funds accurately could result in reputational harm, lead customers to  discontinue or reduce their use of our platform and services, and result  in significant penalties and fines from regulators, each of which could  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
If  one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their financial or performance obligations to us or fail, we may incur  significant losses or be unable to process payment transactions.
We  have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents, and other  investments, including certificates of deposit, highly-liquid debt  instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, commercial paper, corporate debt  securities, asset-backed securities, mutual funds, and bank loan funds,  with banks or other financial institutions in the United States and  abroad for both our corporate balances and for funds held on behalf of our hosts and guests. We also rely on such  banks and financial institutions to help process payments transactions.  We have both significant funds flows from and to various financial  institutions as a result of our processing of payments from guests to hosts. As part of our currency  hedging activities on these balances, we enter into transactions  involving derivative financial instruments with various financial  institutions. We regularly monitor our exposure to counterparty credit risk and manage this exposure in an attempt to  mitigate the associated risk. Despite these efforts, we may be exposed  to the risk of default by, or deteriorating operating results or  financial condition, or service interruptions at, or failure of, these counterparty financial  institutions. If one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or  file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses or to access or  recover our assets may be limited by the counterparty’s liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency  or bankruptcy proceedings. Furthermore, our ability to process payment  transactions via such counterparties would be severely limited or cease.  In the event of default or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant  losses and be required to make payments to hosts and/or refunds to  guests out of our own funds, which could materially adversely affect our  results of operations and financial condition.
The failure to successfully execute and integrate acquisitions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We  have acquired multiple businesses, including our April 2019 acquisition  of Hotel Tonight, Inc. and our August 2019 acquisition of UrbanDoor Inc., and we regularly  evaluate potential acquisitions. We may expend significant cash or  incur substantial debt to finance such acquisitions, which indebtedness  could result in restrictions on our business and significant use of available cash to make payments of  interest and principal. In addition, we may finance acquisitions by  issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which could result in  further dilution to our existing stockholders. We may enter into negotiations for acquisitions that are  not ultimately consummated. Those negotiations could result in diversion  of management time and significant
out-of-pocket
costs. If we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions successfully,  our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected.
In  addition, we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions or the  businesses we acquire may not perform as well as we expect. While our acquisitions to date have not caused major disruptions  in our business, any future failure to manage and successfully  integrate acquired businesses could materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following:
difficulties  in integrating and managing the combined operations, technology  platforms, or offerings of the acquired companies and realizing the anticipated economic,  operational, and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result  in substantial costs and delays, and failure to execute on the intended  strategy and synergies;
failure of the acquired businesses to achieve anticipated revenue, earnings, or cash flow;
diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing business;
our inability to maintain the key customers, business relationships, suppliers, and brand potential of acquired businesses;
uncertainty of entry into businesses or geographies in which we have limited or no prior experience or in which competitors have stronger positions;
unanticipated costs associated with pursuing acquisitions or greater than expected costs in integrating the acquired businesses;
responsibility  for the liabilities of acquired businesses, including those that were  not disclosed to us or exceed our estimates, such as liabilities arising out of the failure  to maintain effective data protection and privacy controls, and  liabilities arising out of the failure to comply with applicable laws  and regulations, including tax laws;
difficulties in or costs associated with assigning or transferring to us or our subsidiaries the acquired companies’ intellectual property or its licenses to third-party intellectual property;
inability to maintain our culture and values, ethical standards, controls, procedures, and policies;
challenges in integrating the workforce of acquired companies and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies;
challenges in integrating and auditing the financial statements of acquired companies that have not historically prepared financial statements in accordance with GAAP; and
potential  accounting charges to the extent goodwill and intangible assets  recorded in connection with an acquisition, such as trademarks, customer relationships, or intellectual  property, are later determined to be impaired and written down in  value.
Because we recognize revenue upon
check-in
and not at booking, upticks or downturns in bookings are not immediately reflected in our results of operations.
We experience a difference in timing between when a booking is made and when we recognize revenue, which occurs upon
check-in.
The effect of significant downturns in bookings in a particular quarter  may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future  periods because of this timing in revenue recognition. In response to the
COVID-19
pandemic, we are making certain payments to hosts and issuing guest cancellation coupons to guests, which we account for as consideration paid to a customer and result in a reduction to revenue.
If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and our data, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
We  hold a broad collection of intellectual property rights related to our brand; certain content and design  elements on our platform; inventions related to our platform, services,  and research and development efforts; an extensive repository of  wholly-owned audio and visual assets; marketing and promotional concepts and materials; a collection of editorial  content; and certain entertainment-related assets. This includes  registered domain names, registered and unregistered trademarks, service  marks, and copyrights, patents and patent applications, trade secrets, licenses of intellectual property rights of  various kinds, and other forms of intellectual property rights in the  United States and in a number of countries around the world. In  addition, to further protect our proprietary rights, from time to time we have purchased trademarks,  domain name registrations, patents, and copyrights from third parties.  In the future we may acquire or license additional patents or patent  portfolios, or other intellectual property assets and rights from third parties, which could require  significant cash expenditures.
We  rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret laws, international treaties, our terms of  service, other contractual provisions, user policies, restrictions on  disclosure, technological measures, and confidentiality and inventions  assignment agreements with our employees and consultants to protect our intellectual property assets  from infringement and misappropriation. Our pending and future  trademark, patent, and copyright applications may not be approved.  Furthermore, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we operate or  intend to operate our business. There can be no assurance that others  will not offer technologies, products, services, features, or concepts  that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business, or copy or otherwise obtain,  disclose and/or use our brand, content, design elements, creative,  editorial, and entertainment assets, or other proprietary information  without authorization. We may be unable to prevent third parties from seeking to register, acquire, or otherwise  obtain trademarks, service marks, domain names, or social media handles  that are similar to, infringe upon or diminish the value of our  trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and our other proprietary rights. Third parties have also obtained or  misappropriated certain of our data through website scraping, robots, or  other means to launch copycat sites, aggregate our data for their  internal use, or to feature or provide our data through their respective websites, and/or launch businesses  monetizing this data. While we routinely employ technological and legal  measures in an attempt to divert, halt, or mitigate such operations, we  may not always be able to detect or halt the underlying activities as technologies used to accomplish these  operations continue to rapidly evolve.
Our  intellectual property assets and rights are essential to our business. If the protection of our  proprietary rights and data is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or  misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other  intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our technologies,  offerings, or features or methods of operations. Even if we do detect  violations or misappropriations and decide to enforce our rights,  litigation may be necessary to enforce our rights, and any enforcement efforts we undertake could be time-consuming  and expensive, could divert our management’s attention, and may result  in a court determining that certain of our intellectual property rights  are unenforceable. If we fail to protect our intellectual property and data in a cost-effective  and meaningful manner, our competitive standing could be harmed; our  hosts, guests, other consumers, and corporate and community partners  could devalue the content of our platform; and our brand, reputation, business, results of operations,  and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
We  have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims that we or  others violated certain third-party intellectual property rights, which, even where  meritless, can be costly to defend and could materially adversely affect  our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The  Internet and technology industries are characterized by significant  creation and protection of intellectual property rights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or  other violations of such intellectual property rights. There may be  intellectual property rights held by others, including issued or pending  patents, trademarks, and copyrights, and applications of the foregoing, that they allege cover significant  aspects of our platform, technologies, content, branding, or business  methods. Moreover, companies in the Internet and technology industries  are frequent targets of practicing and
non-practicing
entities seeking  to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses. Like  many other companies in the Internet and technology industries, we  sometimes enter into agreements which include indemnification provisions related to intellectual property  which can subject us to costs and damages in the event of a claim  against an indemnified third party.
We have received in the past, and may receive in the future, communications from third parties, including practicing and
non-practicing
entities, claiming that we have infringed, misused, or otherwise  misappropriated their intellectual property rights, including alleged  patent infringement. Additionally, we have been, and may in the future be, involved in claims, suits, regulatory proceedings, and other  proceedings involving alleged infringement, misuse, or misappropriation  of third-party intellectual property rights, or relating to our  intellectual property holdings and rights. While a number of the infringement claims raised against us have  been based on our use or implementation of third-party technologies for  which those third parties have been required to defend against the  claims on our behalf and indemnify us from liability, intellectual property claims against us, regardless of  merit, could be time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle and  could divert our management’s attention and other resources.
Claims  involving intellectual property could subject us to significant  liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using  certain technologies, content, branding, or business methods found to be in  violation of another party’s rights. We might be required or may opt to  seek a license for rights to intellectual property held by others, which  may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is  available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which  would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to  develop alternative
non-infringing
technology,  content, branding, or business methods, which could require significant  effort and expense and make us less competitive. Any of these results  could materially adversely affect our ability to compete and our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
We  may introduce new offerings or changes to existing offerings or make other business changes, including in areas where we  currently do not compete, which could increase our exposure to patent,  copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights claims from  competitors, other practicing entities, and
non-practicing
entities. Similarly, our exposure to risks associated with various  intellectual property claims may increase as a result of acquisitions of  other companies. Third parties may make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired a  company or technology that had not been asserted prior to the  acquisition.
Our use of “open source” software could adversely affect our ability to offer our platform and services and subject us to costly litigation and other disputes.
We have in the past incorporated and may in the future incorporate certain “open source” software into our code base as we continue to develop our platform and services. Open source software is generally
licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source  licenses, which in some instances may subject us to certain unfavorable  conditions, including requirements that we offer our products that incorporate the open source software for no cost, that we  make publicly available the source code for any modifications or  derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open  source software, or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open  source license. In addition to using open source software, we also  license to others some of our software through open source projects.  Open sourcing our own software requires us to make the source code publicly available, and therefore can limit  our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to  that software. From time to time, companies that use open source  software have faced claims challenging the use of open source software or compliance with open source license  terms. Furthermore, there is an increasing number of open-source  software license types, almost none of which have been tested in a court  of law, resulting in a dearth of guidance regarding the proper legal interpretation of such licenses. We  could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we  believe to be open source software or claiming noncompliance with open  source licensing terms.
While  we employ practices designed to monitor our compliance with the  licenses of third-party open source software and protect our proprietary  source code, inadvertent use of open source software is fairly common in  software development in the Internet and technology industries. Such  inadvertent use of open source software could expose us to claims of
non-compliance
with the  applicable terms of the underlying licenses, which could lead to  unforeseen business disruptions, including being restricted from  offering parts of our product which incorporate the software, being required to publicly release proprietary source code,  being required to
re-engineer
parts of our code base to comply with license terms, or being required  to extract the open source software at issue. Our exposure to these risks may be increased as a result of  evolving our core source code base, introducing new offerings,  integrating acquired-company technologies, or making other business  changes, including in areas where we do not currently compete. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact the value  or enforceability of our intellectual property, and materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
We  have operations in countries known to experience high levels of  corruption and any violation of anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.
We  are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and other laws in the United States and elsewhere that prohibit improper  payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their  officials, political parties, state-owned or controlled enterprises,  and/or private entities and individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations in and  deal with countries known to experience corruption. Our activities in  these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of  payments by one of our employees, contractors, agents, or users that could be in violation of various  laws, including the FCPA and anti-bribery laws in these countries. We  have implemented policies, procedures, systems, and controls designed to  ensure compliance with applicable laws and to discourage corrupt practices by our employees, consultants, and  agents, and to identify and address potentially impermissible  transactions under such laws and regulations; however, our existing and  future safeguards, including training and compliance programs to discourage corrupt practices by such parties, may  not prove effective, and we cannot ensure that all such parties,  including those that may be based in or from countries where practices  that violate U.S. or other laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which  we may be ultimately responsible. Additional compliance requirements  may require us to revise or expand our compliance programs, including  the procedures we use to monitor international and domestic transactions. Failure to comply with any of  these laws and regulations may result in extensive internal or external  investigations as well as significant financial penalties and  reputational harm, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
Our  focus on the long-term best interests of our company and our  consideration of all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, hosts, guests, employees, the  communities in which we operate, and other stakeholders that we may  identify from time to time, may conflict with short- or medium-term  financial interests and business performance, which may negatively impact the value of our Class A common  stock.
We  believe that focusing on the long-term best interests of our company and our consideration of all of our stakeholders,  including our shareholders, hosts, guests, employees, the communities in  which we operate, and other stakeholders we may identify from time to  time, is essential to the long-term success of our company and to long-term shareholder value. Therefore, we  have made decisions, and may in the future make decisions, that we  believe are in the long-term best interests of our company and our  shareholders, even if such decisions may negatively impact the short- or medium-term performance of our business,  results of operations, and financial condition or the short- or  medium-term performance of our Class A common stock. Our commitment to  pursuing long-term value for the company and its shareholders, potentially at the expense of short- or  medium-term performance, may materially adversely affect the trading  price of our Class A common stock, including by making owning our Class A  common stock less appealing to investors who are focused on returns over a shorter time horizon. Our decisions and  actions in pursuit of long-term success and long-term shareholder value,  which may include changes to our platform to enhance the experience of  our hosts, guests, and the communities in which we operate, including by improving the trust and  safety of our platform, changes in the manner in which we deliver  community support, investing in our relationships with our hosts,  guests, and employees, investing in and introducing new products and services, or changes in our approach to  working with local or national jurisdictions on laws and regulations  governing our business, may not result in the long-term benefits that we  expect, in which case our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as the trading  price of our Class A common stock, could be materially adversely  affected.
Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
No  public market for our Class A common stock currently exists, and  an active trading market may not develop or be sustained following this offering.
Prior  to this offering, there has been no public market for our Class A  common stock. Although we have applied to have our Class A common stock listed on the Nasdaq  Global Select Market, an active trading market may not develop following  the closing of this offering or, if developed, may not be sustained.  The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell  them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active  market may also reduce the fair market value of your shares. An inactive  market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and  may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by  using our shares as consideration. The initial public offering price was  determined by negotiations between us and the underwriters and may not be indicative of the future prices of  our Class A common stock.
Our share price may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares at or above the offering price.
The  market price of our Class A common stock is likely to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations  in response to the risk factors described in this prospectus, and  others beyond our control, including:
the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the travel and accommodations industries;
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue or other operating metrics;
our actual or anticipated operating performance and the operating performance of our competitors;
changes in the financial projections we provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections;
failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet the estimates or the expectations of investors;
any major change in our board of directors, management, or key personnel;
the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry;
rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry;
announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations, new products, services, features, integrations, or capabilities, acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;
the legal and regulatory landscape and changes in the application of existing laws or adoption of new laws that impact our business, hosts, and/or guests, including changes in short-term occupancy and tax laws;
legal and regulatory claims, litigation, or
pre-litigation
disputes and other proceedings;
other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and
sales or expected sales of our Class A common stock by us, our officers, directors, principal stockholders, and employees.
If  the market price of our Class A common stock after this offering  does not exceed the initial public offering price, you will not realize any return on your  investment in us and will lose some or all of your investment. In  addition, stock markets, and the trading of travel companies’ and  technology companies’ stocks in particular, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations  that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity  securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies, including  technology companies, have fluctuated in a manner often unrelated to the operating performance of  those companies. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the  trading market for our Class A common stock shortly following the  listing of our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market as a result of the supply and  demand forces described above. In the past, stockholders have instituted  securities class action litigation following periods of stock  volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs,  divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and  materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.
The  multi-series structure of our common stock has the effect of  concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to the listing of our Class A common stock on  the Nasdaq Global Select Market, including our directors, executive  officers, and their respective affiliates, who will hold in the  aggregate     % of the voting power of our capital stock following the offering. This ownership  will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters,  including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational  documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other  major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval.
Our  Class A common stock, which is the stock that is being sold in this  offering, has one vote per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes  per share, our Class C common stock has no votes per share, and our
Class H common stock has no votes per share. Following this offering,  the holders of our outstanding Class B common stock will beneficially  own     % of our outstanding capital stock and hold     % of the voting power of  our outstanding capital stock (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’  option to purchase additional shares), with our directors, executive  officers, and holders of more than 5% of our common stock, and their respective affiliates,  beneficially owning     % of our outstanding capital  stock and holding     % of the voting power of our  outstanding capital stock (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares). See  the section titled “Description of Capital Stock” for additional  information. Because of the
20-to-one
voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock,  the holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue  to control a significant percentage of the combined voting power of our common stock  and therefore will be able to control all matters submitted to our  stockholders for approval until all such outstanding shares of  Class A and Class B common stock have converted into shares of a single series of common stock. Furthermore,  our founders, who collectively hold     % of the  voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this offering,  will be party to a Voting Agreement under which each founder will agree to vote all his shares for the  election of each individual founder to our board of directors. We and  each of our founders will also be party to a Nominating Agreement under  which we and the founders are required to take certain actions to include the founders in the slate of nominees  nominated by our board of directors for the applicable class of  directors, include them in our proxy statement, and solicit proxies or  consents in favor of electing each founder to our board of directors. This concentrated control will limit  or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the  foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of  our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets,  or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. In  addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition  proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our  stockholders.
Future  transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common  stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected  for estate planning purposes. Each share of our Class B common stock is  convertible at any time at the option of the Class B holder into one share of Class A common stock. The  conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock  will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power  of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. As a result, it is  possible that one or more of the persons or entities holding our  Class B common stock could gain significant voting control as other  holders of Class B common stock sell or otherwise convert their shares into Class A common stock. In  addition, the conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock  would dilute holders of Class A common stock, including holders of  shares purchased in this offering, in terms of voting power within the Class A common stock. In addition, any  future issuances of common stock would be dilutive to holders of  Class A common stock. For example, because our Class C common stock  carries no voting rights (except as otherwise required by law), if we issue Class C common stock in the  future, the holders of Class B common stock may be able to elect all of  our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a  vote of our stockholders for a longer period of time than would be the case if we issued Class A common  stock rather than Class C common stock in such transactions. Further,  each outstanding share of Class H common stock will convert into a share  of Class A common stock on a share-for-share basis upon the sale of such share of Class H common  stock to any person or entity that is not our subsidiary, which would  dilute holders of Class A common stock, including holders of shares  purchased in this offering, in terms of voting power within the Class A common stock.
We cannot predict the effect our multi-series structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock.
We  cannot predict whether our multi-series structure will result in a  lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse publicity, or  other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers, such  as S&P Dow Jones, have announced restrictions on including companies  with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices, including the S&P 500.  Accordingly, the multi-series structure of our common stock would make  us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual  funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices may  not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are  relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on  the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may depress  valuations, as compared to similar companies that are included. Because  of the multi-class structure of our common stock, we will likely be  excluded from certain indices and we cannot assure that other stock indices will not take similar actions.  Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies  that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices  would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less  attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our  Class A common stock could be adversely affected.
Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to fall.
Sales  of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public  market after this offering, or the perception that these sales might  occur in large quantities, could cause the market price of our Class A  common stock to decline and could impair our ability to raise capital  through the sale of additional equity securities. Upon the closing of  this offering, we will have                   shares of Class A common stock outstanding,                    shares of Class B common stock outstanding, no shares of Class C common  stock outstanding, and 9,200,000 shares of Class H common stock  outstanding.
All  of the Class A common stock sold in this offering will be freely  tradable without restrictions or further registration under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, except for any shares  held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act  (“Rule 144”).
Following  this offering, assuming the selling stockholders sell                       shares and there is no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase  additional shares, the holders of up to                  shares of our Class B common stock will have rights, subject to  some conditions, to require us to file registration statements for the  public resale of the Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of such  shares or to include such shares in registration statements that we may  file for us or other stockholders. Any registration statement we file  to register additional shares, whether as a result of registration rights or otherwise, could cause the  market price of our Class A common stock to decline or be  volatile.
Further,  as of                      ,  2020, we had                   options outstanding that, if fully exercised, would result in the  issuance of                     shares  of Class A common stock and                   shares of Class B common stock, as well as                    shares of Class A common stock issuable upon vesting of outstanding RSUs. We  intend to file a registration statement on Form
under the Securities Act to register the shares of our common stock  subject to outstanding stock options and RSUs as of the date of this prospectus and  shares that will be issuable pursuant to future awards granted under  our equity incentive plan. Once we register these shares, they can be  freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to applicable vesting requirements, compliance by  affiliates with Rule 144, and other restrictions provided under the  terms of the applicable plan and/or the award agreements entered into  with participants.
We  and all of our directors, executive officers, and certain other record  holders that together represent approximately     %  of our outstanding Class A common stock and securities directly or  indirectly convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock  are subject to lock-up agreements with the underwriters or market  standoff agreements with us that restrict their ability to transfer such shares of Class A common stock and such securities,  including any hedging transactions, during the period ending on the  later of (i) the opening of trading on the second trading day  immediately following our public release of earnings for the second quarter following the most recent period for which  financial statements are included in this prospectus and (ii) the 121
day after the date of this prospectus (assuming that as of such date we have publicly released our earnings  for the second quarter following the most recent period for which  financial statements are included in this prospectus), as further  described in the section titled “Shares Eligible for Future Sale.” In addition to the above, an additional  approximately     % of our outstanding Class A  common stock and securities directly or indirectly convertible into or  exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock is subject to market standoff provisions  applicable to equity awards issued under our equity incentive plans that  restrict the holders of such securities from transferring any of our  equity securities during the restricted period; provided that such restrictions do not apply to hedging  transactions. In addition, as further described in the section titled  “Shares Eligible for Future Sale,” (A) up to approximately                     shares  of our Class A common stock may be sold for a 7-trading day period  beginning at the commencement of trading on the first trading day on which our Class A common stock is traded on Nasdaq, and  (B) up to approximately                        shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A  common stock, plus, in the case of Employee Stockholders (as defined in  the section titled “Shares Eligible for Future Sale”), any shares eligible for sale during the window described  in clause (A) above that were not previously sold, may be sold  beginning at the opening of trading on the second trading day  immediately following our public release of earnings for the first quarter following the most recent period for  which financial statements are included in this prospectus, provided  that our Class A common stock meets certain closing price targets  described in the section titled “Underwriting.” Upon the expiration of the restricted period described  above, substantially all of the securities subject to such lock-up and  market standoff restrictions will become eligible for sale, subject to  compliance with applicable securities laws. Furthermore, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC may waive the  lock-up agreements and market standoff agreements entered into by our  executive officers, directors, and record holders of our securities  before they expire.
In  addition to the shares eligible for sale described above, pursuant to  certain exceptions to our stockholders’ obligations under the lock-up agreements and market standoff agreements, based upon an assumed initial  public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, an estimated                      shares  will be eligible for sale in the public market in order to satisfy tax  obligations in connection with the settlement of RSUs outstanding as of                      ,  2020 that fully vest in connection with this offering, and an estimated                      shares  will be eligible for sale in the public market in order to satisfy tax  obligations in connection with the settlement of additional RSUs that are expected to vest on February 25,  2021, in each case, based on an assumed a personal tax rate of      %. The actual number of shares eligible for sale  in the public market in connection with tax obligations may differ based on our stockholders’ personal tax  rates.
Sales,  short sales, or hedging transactions involving our equity securities, whether before or after this offering and whether or not we  believe them to be prohibited, could adversely affect the price of our  Class A common stock.
Record  holders of our securities are typically the parties to the lock-up  agreements with the underwriters and to the market standoff agreements  with us referred to above, while holders of beneficial interests in our  shares who are not also record holders in respect of such shares are not  typically subject to any such agreements or other similar restrictions.  Accordingly, we believe that holders of beneficial interests who are not record holders and are not bound by  market standoff or lock-up agreements could enter into
transactions with respect to those beneficial interests that negatively  impact our stock price. In addition, an equityholder who is neither  subject to a market standoff agreement with us nor a lock-up agreement with the underwriters may be able to sell, short sell,  transfer, hedge, pledge, or otherwise dispose of or attempt to sell,  short sell, transfer, hedge, pledge, or otherwise dispose of their  equity interests at any time.
Recently,  we issued 9,200,000 shares of our Class H common stock to our Host  Endowment Fund and we have announced our intention to donate 400,000 shares of our Class A common stock to a charitable foundation, each of  which has resulted or will result in substantial dilution to our  existing stockholders. We may issue our shares of common stock or  securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with financings, acquisitions,  investments, or otherwise. Any such issuance and any issuance of Class A  common stock upon the conversion of Class B or Class H common stock  could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our Class A  common stock to decline. See also our risk factor titled “ — Future  sales and issuances of our Class A common stock or rights to purchase  our Class A common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, or other equity  securities or securities convertible into our Class A common stock,  could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our  stockholders and could cause the stock price of our Class A common stock to decline.”
Our management has broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering and may not use the net proceeds effectively.
Our  management will have broad discretion in the application of the net  proceeds of this offering, which may include working capital, operating expenses,  and capital expenditures. We intend to use a portion of the net proceeds  we receive from this offering to satisfy a portion of the anticipated  tax withholding and remittance obligations of $         million  related to the RSU Settlement based upon the assumed initial public  offering price per share of  $        , which is the midpoint  of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. We may also  use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire or make investments in  businesses, products, offerings, and technologies, although we do not  have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time. We cannot specify  with certainty the uses to which we will apply these net proceeds. We  may also spend or invest these proceeds in a way with which our  stockholders disagree. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could adversely affect our  ability to pursue our growth strategies and expand our business. Pending  their use, the net proceeds from our initial public offering may be  invested in a way that does not produce income or that loses value.
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
The  trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities  analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these  analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on  us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or  trading volume to decline. Moreover, if our operating results do not  meet the expectations of the investor community, one or more of the  analysts who cover our company may change their recommendations regarding our company, and our stock price could  decline.
If you purchase shares of our Class A common stock in this offering, you will incur immediate and substantial dilution.
The  offering price of our Class A common stock is substantially higher than the net tangible book value per share of our  Class A common stock, which on a pro forma basis was  $                  per share of our Class A
common stock as of September 30, 2020. As a result, you will incur  immediate and substantial dilution in net tangible book value when you  buy our Class A common stock in this offering. This means that you will pay a higher price per share than the amount of  our total tangible assets, less our total liabilities, divided by the  number of shares of all of our common stock outstanding. In addition,  you may also experience additional dilution if options, RSUs, or other rights to purchase our common stock  that are outstanding or that we may issue in the future are exercised,  vest, or are converted or we issue additional shares of our common stock  at prices lower than our net tangible book value at such time. See “Dilution.”
Future  sales and issuances of our Class A common stock or rights to purchase our Class A common stock, including pursuant to our equity  incentive plans, or other equity securities or securities convertible  into our Class A common stock, could result in additional dilution  of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the stock price of our Class A common  stock to decline.
We  may issue additional securities following the closing of this offering. In the future, we may sell  Class A common stock, other series of common stock, convertible  securities, or other equity securities, including preferred securities,  in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. We also expect to issue  Class A common stock to employees, consultants, and directors  pursuant to our equity incentive plans. If we sell Class A common  stock, other series of common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in subsequent  transactions, or Class A common stock or Class B common stock  is issued pursuant to equity incentive plans, investors may be  materially diluted. New investors in subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to  those of holders of our Class A common stock.
In  addition, we made an initial contribution of 9,200,000 newly-issued shares of Class H common  stock to the Host Endowment Fund in November 2020 and may in our  discretion make additional contributions of Class H common stock in the  future, and any future issuances of Class H common stock would be dilutive to holders of Class A common  stock. However, it is our current intent that the total number of shares  contributed to the Host Endowment Fund by us, when aggregated with any  prior contributions, will not exceed 2% of our total shares outstanding at the time of any future  contribution. We have also announced our intention to donate 400,000  shares of our Class A common stock to a charitable foundation.
We  do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.  Consequently, any gains from an investment in our Class A common  stock will likely depend on whether the price of our Class A common stock  increases.
We  have only paid one dividend in our history and do not intend to pay any dividends on our Class A common stock  in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our  future earnings for use in the operation and growth of our business and  for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the  discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely  on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation,  which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. Furthermore, our Credit  Agreements contain negative covenants that limit our ability to pay  dividends. For more information, see the section titled “Management’s  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and  Capital Resources.”
Anti-takeover  provisions contained in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated  bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover  attempt.
Our  restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws,  which will become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, contain and Delaware law contains provisions which
could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or  preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors.  These provisions will provide for the following:
a  multi-series structure which provides our holders of Class B common  stock with the ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder  approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the  shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, Class B common  stock, Class C common stock, and Class H common stock;
a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, who can only be removed for cause, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;
no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;
the  exclusive right of our board of directors to set the size of the board  of directors and to elect a director to fill a vacancy, however occurring, including by an expansion  of the board of directors, which prevents stockholders from being able  to fill vacancies on our board of directors;
the  ability of our board of directors to authorize the issuance of shares  of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including voting or  other rights or preferences, without stockholder approval, which could  be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror;
the ability of our board of directors to alter our amended and restated bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval;
in  addition to our board of director’s ability to adopt, amend, or repeal  our amended and restated bylaws, our stockholders may adopt, amend, or repeal our amended and  restated bylaws only with the affirmative vote of the holders of at  least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all our then-outstanding shares of  capital stock;
the  required approval of (i) at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of  the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,  voting together as a single class, to adopt, amend, or repeal certain  provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and  (ii) for so long as any shares of Class B common stock are outstanding, the holders of at least eighty percent  (80%) of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding at the time of  such vote, voting as a separate series, to adopt, amend, or repeal  certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation;
the ability of stockholders to act by written consent only as long as holders of our Class B common stock hold at least 50% of the voting power of our capital stock;
the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by an officer of our company pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors then in office or the chairperson of our board;
advance  notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to  nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a  stockholders’ meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential  acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the  acquiror’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us; and
the limitation of liability of, and provision of indemnification to, our directors and officers.
These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management.
As  a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware  law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware  (the “Delaware General Corporation Law”), which prevents some  stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding common stock from  engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our  outstanding common stock.
Any  provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or  deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our  stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock,  and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us.
Our restated  certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, which  will become effective immediately prior to the completion of this  offering, provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in  each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.
In  addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General  Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws to be effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering and  our indemnification agreements that we have entered or intend to enter  into with our directors and officers provide that:
we  will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent  permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person  acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to  be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with  respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was  unlawful;
we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law;
we  are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and  officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers will  undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that  such person is not entitled to indemnification;
the  rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive,  and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers,  employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons;  and
we may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees, and agents.
While  we have procured directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies, such insurance policies may not be available to us  in the future at a reasonable rate, may not cover all potential claims  for indemnification, and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all  liability that may be imposed.
Our  restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws  provide for an exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, and  that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be  the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a  cause of action under the Securities Act of 1933.
Our  certificate of incorporation and bylaws currently provide, and our  restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, which will become  effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, will  provide, that: (i) unless we consent in writing to the selection of  an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have  subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the  State of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the  sole and exclusive forum for: (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (B)  any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary  duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer, other  employee, agent or stockholder to the company or our stockholders, including without limitation a claim  alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (C)  any action asserting a claim against the company or any of our current  or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware  General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or  as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction  on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (D) any action asserting a claim related to or  involving the company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine;  (ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative  forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by  law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint  asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933,  as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (iii) any person or entity  purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of  capital stock of the company will be deemed to have notice of and  consented to these provisions; and (iv) failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause us irreparable harm, and  we will be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief  and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. Nothing  in our current certificate of incorporation or bylaws or our restated certificate of incorporation or  amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange  Act”), from bringing such claims in federal court to the extent that the Exchange Act confers  exclusive federal jurisdiction over such claims, subject to applicable  law.
We  believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased  consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities  laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in  resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a  more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against  the burdens of multi-forum litigation. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision that will be  contained in our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and  restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may  incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially  adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial  condition.
General Risk Factors
The value of our marketable securities could decline, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Our  marketable securities portfolio includes various holdings, types, and maturities.  Market values of these investments can be adversely impacted by various  factors, including liquidity in the underlying security, credit  deterioration, the financial condition of the credit issuer, foreign exchange rates, and changes in interest  rates. Our marketable securities, which we consider highly-liquid  investments, are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded on  our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale  debt securities are reported as a component of accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ deficit. Realized gains and  losses and
other than-temporary impairments are reported within other income  (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. Our  marketable equity securities with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in  fair value recognized within other income (expense), net in the  consolidated statements of operations.
If  the fair value of our marketable equity securities declines, our  earnings will be reduced or losses will be increased. Furthermore, our  interest income from cash, cash equivalents, and our marketable securities are  impacted by changes in interest rates, and a decline in interest rates  would adversely impact our interest income.
We  will incur significant expenses as a result of being a public company,  which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
As  a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, and  other expenses that we have not incurred as a private company. We will be subject to the reporting  requirements of the Exchange Act, the applicable requirements of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the rules and regulations of the  SEC, and the Listing Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”). Stockholder activism and the level of  government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial  new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional  significant compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot  currently anticipate. The increased costs will increase our net loss or  decrease our net income, and may require us to reduce costs in other  areas of our business or increase our service fees which could result in a reduction in bookings. For  example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult  and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability  insurance. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and  retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on our  board committees, or as executive officers. Furthermore, if we are  unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our Class A common  stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory action and potentially  civil litigation.
Further,  the majority of our management team, including our Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have either no or limited  experience in managing publicly-traded companies. Our management team may not  successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public  company and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and  investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could  divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our  business, and could materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
As  a public reporting company, we will be subject to rules and regulations  established by the SEC and Nasdaq regarding our internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete needed improvements to our  internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these  internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may  adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Class A common  stock and your investment.
As  a public reporting company, we will become subject to the rules and regulations established by the SEC and  Nasdaq. These rules and regulations will require, among other things,  that we establish and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to  our internal control over financial reporting. Reporting obligations as a public company are likely to place  a considerable strain on our financial and management systems,  processes and controls, as well as on our personnel, including senior  management. In addition, as a public company, we will be required to document and test our internal control  over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can  certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial  reporting. Management’s initial certification under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will be required with  our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31,  2021. In support of such certifications, we will be required to document  and make significant changes and enhancements, including potentially hiring additional personnel, to our  internal control over financial reporting. Likewise, our independent  registered public accounting firm will be required to provide an  attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,  2021. As a result, we anticipate investing significant resources to  enhance and maintain our financial and managerial controls, reporting  systems, and procedures.
To  date, neither our management nor an independent registered public  accounting firm has performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the requirements of  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act because no such evaluation  has been required. If our management is unable to certify the  effectiveness of our internal controls, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified  opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial  reporting, we identify or fail to remediate material weaknesses in our  internal controls, or we do not effectively or accurately report our financial performance to the  appropriate regulators on a timely basis, we could be subject to  regulatory scrutiny and a loss of investor confidence, which could  significantly harm our reputation and our stock price, and materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition.
We  previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with a  revision to previously issued financial statements for the year ended  December 31, 2017 relating to the provision for income taxes  resulting from the incorrect use of tax attributes. We identified that the cause of the income tax provision  adjustment was a lack of qualified tax personnel with an appropriate  level of experience to review the use of tax attributes in accordance  with tax ordering rules. While we remediated this material weakness as of December 31, 2018 through  hiring additional experienced personnel, we can give no assurance that  additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. A  material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial  reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material  misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be  prevented or detected on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and actions  we may take in the future, will be sufficient to prevent or avoid  potential future material weaknesses. A material weakness in our  internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased probability of fraud, the potential loss of  customers, litigation from our stockholders, reduction in our ability to  obtain financing, and require additional expenditures to remediate. Our  failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in  errors in our financial statements that could result in loss of investor  confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports  and a decline in our stock price, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other  regulatory authorities.
The failure to successfully implement and maintain accounting systems could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In  the third quarter of 2019, we implemented a new third-party revenue accounting  system in order to automate our revenue accounting and reporting  processes. System implementations of this scale are complex and
time-consuming
projects that  require transformations of business and financial processes. Such  transformations involve risk inherent in the conversion to a new system,  including loss of information and potential disruption to normal operations. Additionally, if our revenue  and other accounting or tax systems do not operate as intended or do not  scale with anticipated growth in our business, the effectiveness of our  internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected. Any failure to develop,  implement, or maintain effective internal controls related to our  revenue and other accounting or
tax systems and associated reporting could materially adversely affect  our business, results of operations, and financial condition or cause us  to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, if we experience interruptions in service or operational  difficulties with our revenue and other accounting or tax systems, our  business, results of operations, and financial condition could be  materially adversely affected.
Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by changes in accounting principles.
The  accounting for our business is subject to change based on the evolution  of our business model, interpretations of relevant accounting principles, enforcement of existing or new regulations, and changes in  policies, rules, regulations, and interpretations, of accounting and  financial reporting requirements of the SEC or other regulatory  agencies. Adoption of a change in accounting principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our  reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of  transactions completed before the adoption of such change. It is  difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles and accounting policies over financial  reporting, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations  and financial condition and could require significant investment in  systems and personnel.
Avoiding regulation under the Investment Company Act may adversely affect our operations.
The  Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company  Act”), contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which “investment companies” are permitted to conduct their  business activities. We currently conduct, and intend to continue to  conduct, our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries  are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We are not  engaged primarily, nor do we hold ourselves out as being engaged  primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in  securities, and neither do we intend to own investment securities with a combined value in excess of 40% of the  value, as determined by our board of directors, of our total assets,  exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items, on an  unconsolidated basis. We do, however, make minority investments in companies and acquire other financial  instruments from time to time that may be deemed investment securities.  We expect to conduct our operations such that the value of those  investments will not rise to a level where we might be deemed an investment company, but there can be no assurances  that we will be successful in maintaining the required ratios without  taking actions that may adversely affect our operations. For example, to  avoid being deemed an investment company we may be required to sell certain of our assets and pay  significant taxes upon the sale or transfer of such assets, which may  have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,  and financial condition.
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This  prospectus contains forward-looking statements about us and our  industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All  statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this prospectus,  including statements regarding our strategy, future financial condition,  future operations, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of  management, and expected market growth, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify  forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,”  “will,” “shall,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,”  “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “goal,” “objective,” “seeks,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or  other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations,  strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in  this prospectus include, but are not limited to, statements about:
the effects of the
COVID-19
pandemic on our business, the travel industry, travel trends, and the global economy generally;
our expectations regarding our financial performance, including our revenue, costs, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow;
our expectations regarding future operating performance, including Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV, and GBV per Night and Experience Booked;
our ability to attract and retain hosts and guests;
our ability to compete in our industry;
our expectations regarding the resilience of our model, including in areas such as domestic travel, short-distance travel, travel outside of top cities, and long-term stays;
the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations;
the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments to meet our liquidity needs;
our expectations regarding the impact of the reduction in performance marketing spend to focus on brand marketing, and our ability to continue to attract guests and hosts to our platform through direct and unpaid channels;
our ability to make required payments under our credit agreements and to comply with the various requirements of our indebtedness,
our ability to effectively manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
the increased expenses associated with being a public company;
the size of our addressable markets, market share, and market trends, including our ability to grow our business in the countries we have identified as near-term priorities;
anticipated trends, developments, and challenges in our industry, business, and the highly competitive markets in which we operate;
our ability to anticipate market needs or develop new or enhanced offerings and services to meet those needs;
our ability to manage expansion into international markets and new industries;
our  ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations, including tax  laws, that currently apply or may become applicable to our business both in the United States and  internationally and our expectations regarding various laws and  restrictions that relate to our business;
our expectations regarding our income tax liabilities and the adequacy of our reserves;
our ability to effectively manage our growth and expand our infrastructure and maintain our corporate culture;
our ability to identify, recruit, and retain skilled personnel, including key members of senior management;
the safety, affordability, and convenience of our platform and our offerings;
our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us;
our ability to successfully identify, manage, and integrate any existing and potential acquisitions;
our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property;
our plan to donate 400,000 shares of our Class A common stock to a charitable foundation after the completion of this offering; and
our intended use of the net proceeds from this offering.
We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this prospectus.
You  should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of  future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in  this prospectus primarily on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts,  and projections about future events and trends that we believe may  affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and  prospects. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in  this prospectus, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of  activity, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in the  forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur at all. The outcome of the events described in these  forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other  factors described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in  this prospectus. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing  environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and  it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that  could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus. The results, events, and  circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be  achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could  differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
The  forward-looking statements made in this prospectus relate only to  events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any  forward-looking statements made in this prospectus to reflect events or  circumstances after the date of this prospectus or to reflect new  information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the  plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking  statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our  forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future  acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we  may make.
In  addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect  our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon  information available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while  we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such  statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we  have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially  available relevant information. These statements are inherently  uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
You  should read this prospectus and the documents that we reference in this  prospectus and have filed as exhibits to the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a  part, completely and with the understanding that our actual future  results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all  of the forward-looking statements in this prospectus by these cautionary statements.
Market and Industry Data
This  prospectus contains estimates, projections and other information  concerning our industry and our business, as well as data regarding  market research, estimates, and forecasts prepared by our management.  Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market  research, or similar methodologies is inherently subject to  uncertainties, and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this  information. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high  degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including  those described in the section titled “Risk Factors.” Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this  industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research  surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and  other third parties, industry and general publications, government data, and similar sources. In some  cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources from which this data is  derived. In that regard, when we refer to one or more sources of this  type of data in any paragraph, you should assume that other data of this type appearing in the same  paragraph is derived from sources which we paid for, sponsored, or  conducted, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise  requires. While we have compiled, extracted, and reproduced industry data from these sources, we have not  independently verified the data. Forecasts and other forward-looking  information with respect to industry, business, market, and other data  are subject to the same qualifications and additional uncertainties regarding the other forward-looking statements  in this prospectus. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking  Statements.”
Among others, we refer to estimates compiled by the following industry sources:
World Travel & Tourism Council (“WTTC”), an organization that represents the travel and tourism private sector globally;
Euromonitor International (“Euromonitor”), a company that provides strategic market research;
United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, the United Nations agency responsible for sustainable global development;
United Nations World Tourism Organization (“UNWTO”), the United Nations agency responsible for the promotion of responsible, sustainable, and universally accessible tourism;
Smith Travel Research, Inc. (“STR”), a company that provides data benchmarking, analytics, and marketplace insights for global hospitality sectors;
The Business Research Company, a market research and intelligence company;
OAG Aviation Worldwide Limited (“OAG Aviation”), a global data provider; and
The Apartment Service Worldwide, a serviced apartment company that provides detailed reports on temporary housing programs for corporate clients.
Use of Proceeds
We  estimate that we will receive net proceeds from this offering of  approximately $              million (or  $              million if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase  additional shares of Class A common stock in full), based upon an assumed initial public  offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts  and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We will  not receive proceeds from the sale of Class A common stock in this  offering by the selling stockholders.
Each  $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price  per share of $            ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, would increase or decrease the net proceeds to us from  this offering by approximately $              million, assuming the number of shares of Class A common stock  offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,  remains the same and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering  expenses payable by us. Similarly, each 1.0 million share increase  or decrease in the number of shares of Class A common stock offered  in this offering would increase or decrease the net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately  $              million, assuming that the initial public offering price per share  remains at $             ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts  and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.
The principal purposes of this offering are to increase our capitalization and financial flexibility and to create a public market for our common stock.
We  currently intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for general  corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures.  We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire or make  investments in businesses, products, offerings, and technologies,  although we do not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time.
We  intend to use a portion of the net proceeds we receive from this offering to satisfy a portion of the anticipated tax withholding and  remittance obligations of  $              million related to the RSU Settlement based upon the assumed initial  public offering price per share of  $            ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price per share of  $            ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, would increase or decrease the amount we would be required to pay to satisfy our tax withholding and remittance  obligations related to the RSU Settlement by  $              million.
The  expected use of net proceeds from this offering represents our  intentions based upon our present plans and business conditions. We  cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the proceeds of this  offering or the amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set  forth above. Accordingly, our management will have broad discretion in  applying the net proceeds of this offering. The timing and amount of our actual expenditures will be based on many  factors, including cash flows from operations and the anticipated growth  of our business. Pending their use, we intend to invest the net  proceeds of this offering in a variety of capital-preservation investments, including short- and intermediate-term  investments, interest-bearing investments, investment-grade securities,  government securities, and money market funds.
Dividend Policy
We  intend to retain any future earnings and do not anticipate declaring or  paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The terms of certain of our outstanding debt instruments restrict our ability to pay  dividends or make distributions, and we may enter into credit agreements  or other borrowing arrangements in the future that may restrict our  ability to declare or pay cash dividends or make distributions. Any future determination to declare  cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors,  subject to applicable laws and will depend on a number of factors,  including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions,  general business conditions, and other factors our board of directors  may deem relevant.
Capitalization
The  following table sets forth cash, cash equivalents, and marketable  securities, as well as our capitalization, as of September 30, 2020  as follows:
on an actual basis;
on  a pro forma basis, giving effect to (i) the conversion of all  outstanding shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock, of which 239,623,894 shares are  outstanding as of September 30, 2020, into an aggregate of 240,910,588  shares of Class B common stock as if such conversion had occurred  on September 30, 2020, including 1,286,694 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the  anti-dilution adjustment provisions relating to our Series C redeemable  convertible preferred stock (the “Preferred Stock Conversion”), (ii) the  net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock upon the vesting and settlement of  RSUs, for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of  September 30, 2020 and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be  satisfied in connection with this offering, after withholding an  aggregate of              shares  to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the assumed initial public  offering price of  $            per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover  page of this prospectus, and an assumed    % tax withholding  rate) (the “RSU Settlement”), (iii) the related increase in liabilities  and corresponding decrease in additional
paid-in
capital for the associated tax liabilities related to the net settlement of the  RSUs, (iv) stock-based compensation expense of  $              related to RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied or partially satisfied as of September 30,  2020 for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be  satisfied in connection with this offering, reflected as an increase to  additional
paid-in
capital and  accumulated deficit, (v) the issuance of 9,200,000 shares of our Class H  common stock to our wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary in  November 2020, and (vi) the filing and effectiveness of our restated certificate of incorporation in Delaware,  which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering;  and
on  a pro forma as adjusted basis, giving effect to (i) the pro forma  adjustments set forth above, (ii) the sale and issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock in this offering at an assumed initial  public offering price per share of $            ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and  commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, and (iii) the issuance of 400,000  shares of our Class A common stock that we plan to donate to a  charitable foundation after the completion of this offering and an  associated non-cash expense of approximately $              million, estimated based on an assumed initial public offering price of   $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this  prospectus.
The information below is illustrative only, and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, additional
paid-in
capital, accumulated deficit, total stockholders’ equity (deficit), and  total capitalization following the closing of this offering will be  adjusted based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of the offering determined  at the pricing of this offering. You should read this table together  with our consolidated financial statements and related notes, and the  sections titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and “Management’s Discussion and  Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” that are  included elsewhere in this prospectus.
As of September 30, 2020
Actual
Pro Forma
Pro Forma As
Adjusted
(unaudited)
(in thousands, except share and per share data)
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
4,495,211
Long-term debt
1,821,302
Redeemable convertible  preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 247,217,042 shares authorized,  239,623,894 shares issued and outstanding, actual; no shares authorized,  issued, and outstanding, pro forma and pro forma as adjusted
3,231,502
Stockholders’ equity (deficit):
Preferred stock,  $0.0001 par value; no shares authorized, issued and outstanding,  actual; 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding,  pro forma and pro forma as adjusted
Class A  common stock, $0.0001 par value; 710,000,000 shares authorized,  17,455,568 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 2,000,000,000 shares authorized,              shares  issued and outstanding, pro forma; 2,000,000,000 shares authorized,             shares  issued and outstanding, pro forma as adjusted
Class B  common stock, $0.0001 par value; 710,000,000 shares authorized,  249,978,646 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 710,000,000 shares authorized,              shares  issued and outstanding, pro forma; 710,000,000 shares authorized,             shares  issued and outstanding, pro forma as adjusted
Class  C common stock, $0.0001 par value; no shares authorized, issued and  outstanding, actual; 2,000,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued  and outstanding, pro forma; 2,000,000,000 shares authorized, no shares  issued and outstanding, pro forma as adjusted
Class  H common stock, $0.0001 par value; no shares authorized, issued and  outstanding, actual; 26,000,000 shares authorized, 9,200,000 shares  issued, pro forma; 26,000,000 shares authorized, 9,200,000 shares  issued, pro forma as adjusted
Additional
paid-in
capital
744,413
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
(2,867
Accumulated deficit
(2,117,856
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)
(1,376,284
Total capitalization
3,676,520
Each  $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price  per share of $                ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, would increase or decrease each of cash, cash  equivalents, and marketable securities, additional
paid-in
capital, total stockholders’ equity, and total capitalization on a pro  forma as adjusted basis by approximately $            million,  assuming the number of shares offered, as set forth on the cover page  of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting estimated  underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. Similarly,  each 1.0 million share increase or decrease in the number of shares  offered in this offering would increase or decrease each of cash, cash  equivalents, and marketable securities, additional
paid-in
capital, total stockholders’ equity, and total capitalization on a pro  forma as adjusted basis by approximately $              million, assuming that the initial public offering price per share  remains at  $              , which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and  after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and  estimated offering expenses payable by us.
Consists of $1,997.5 million of principal, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs of $176.2 million.
The  pro forma and pro forma as adjusted columns in the table above are  based on              shares of Class A common stock  and              shares of Class B common stock (after giving effect to the Preferred Stock Conversion and the RSU Settlement) outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, no shares of Class C common stock outstanding,  and 9,200,000 shares of Class H common stock issued to our wholly-owned  Host Endowment Fund subsidiary in November 2020, and exclude:
24,460,092  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $5.96  per share, pursuant to our 2008 Plan;
13,788,876  shares of our Class B common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class B common stock that were outstanding as of September 30,  2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $3.18 per share,  pursuant to our 2008 Plan;
6,408,714  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of  $49.77 per share, pursuant to our 2018 Plan;
181,782  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of  $22.65 per share, pursuant to our Hotel Tonight Plan;
1,265,344  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2008 Plan  (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
30,762,460  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan  (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
16,344  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our Hotel  Tonight Plan (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
5,465,264  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition outstanding as of September 30,  2020, for which the service-based condition was not yet satisfied as of  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan (we expect that  vesting of certain of these RSUs through                     ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of                shares of our Class A common stock, after withholding                shares of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income  tax obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed     %  tax withholding rate));
shares  of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of  our Class A common stock that were granted after  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $            per  share, pursuant to our 2018 Plan;
RSUs  covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable upon satisfaction of a  service-based vesting condition that were granted after  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan (we expect that  vesting of certain of these RSUs through                     ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock, after withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax  obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed     %  tax withholding rate));
7,934,794  shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020,  with a weighted-average exercise price of $28.355 per share;
shares  of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2020 Plan, which  will become effective on the date immediately prior to the date our  registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part becomes  effective; and
4,000,000  shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under  our ESPP, which will become effective on the date immediately prior to the date our  registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part becomes  effective.
Our  2020 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the  number of shares reserved thereunder, and our 2020 Plan also provides  for increases to the number of shares of Class A common stock that may  be granted thereunder based on shares underlying any awards under our  2008 Plan and 2018 Plan that expire, are forfeited or are otherwise  terminated, as more fully described in the section titled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Executive  Compensation Tables—Equity Plans—2020 Incentive Award Plan.”
Dilution
If  you invest in our Class A common stock in this offering, your  interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the  initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock and the pro  forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our  Class A, Class B, and Class H common stock immediately after  this offering.
Our  historical net tangible book value as of September 30, 2020 was $            million,  or  $              per share. Net tangible book value per share represents the amount of  our total tangible assets less our total liabilities and redeemable convertible preferred  stock, divided by the number of shares of our Class A and  Class B common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020.
Our  pro forma net tangible book value as of September 30, 2020 was  $             million,  or  $              per share. Pro forma net tangible book value per share represents the  amount of our total tangible assets less our total liabilities, divided  by the number of our shares of Class A, Class B, and Class H common stock  outstanding as of September 30, 2020, after giving effect to  (i) the conversion of all outstanding shares of our redeemable  convertible preferred stock, of which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding as of September 30, 2020, into an aggregate of  240,910,588 shares of Class B common stock as if such conversion  had occurred on September 30, 2020, including 1,286,694 shares of  common stock issuable pursuant to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions relating to our Series C redeemable  convertible preferred stock (the “Preferred Stock Conversion”), (ii) the  net issuance of              shares of  our Class A common stock upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs,  for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of  September 30, 2020 and for which we expect the liquidity-based  vesting condition to be satisfied in connection with this offering, after withholding an aggregate of shares  to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the  assumed initial public offering price of $                per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover  page of this prospectus, and an assumed     % tax withholding rate) (the “RSU Settlement”), (iii) the related increase in  liabilities and corresponding decrease in additional
paid-in
capital for the associated tax liabilities related to the net settlement of the RSUs, (iv) stock-based compensation expense of  $              related to RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition was  satisfied or partially satisfied as of September 30, 2020 for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting  condition to be satisfied in connection with this offering, reflected as  an increase to additional
paid-in
capital and accumulated deficit, (v) the issuance of 9,200,000 shares of our Class H common  stock to our wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary in November  2020, and (vi) the filing and effectiveness of our restated  certificate of incorporation in Delaware, which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering.
After  giving effect to the sale and issuance by us of               shares of Class A common stock in this offering at an assumed  initial public offering price per share of $              , which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page  of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts  and commissions and estimated offering expenses, and the issuance of 400,000 shares of our Class A  common stock that we plan to donate to a charitable foundation after the  completion of this offering and an associated non-cash expense of  approximately $         million, estimated  based on an assumed initial public offering price of  $         per share, which is  the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book  value as of September 30, 2020 would have been  $              million, or $              per share. This amount represents an immediate increase in pro forma as  adjusted net tangible book value of  $         per share to our existing stockholders and an immediate dilution in pro forma as adjusted  net tangible book value of  $              per share to new investors purchasing Class A common stock in this offering.
We  determine dilution by subtracting the pro forma as adjusted net  tangible book value per share after this offering from the initial public offering price per share  paid by new investors for a share of Class A common stock. The  following table illustrates this dilution on a per share basis:
Assumed initial public offering price per share
Historical net tangible book value per share as of September 30, 2020
Increase per share attributable to the pro forma adjustments described above
Pro forma net tangible book value per share as of September 30, 2020
Increase  in pro forma net tangible book value per share attributable to new  investors purchasing shares of Class A common stock in this  offering
Decrease  in pro forma net tangible book value per share attributable to the 400,000  shares of our Class A common stock we plan to donate to a charitable  foundation
Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share immediately after this offering
Dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share to new investors in this offering
The  dilution information discussed above is illustrative only and may  change based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering. Each $1.00 increase or  decrease in the assumed initial public offering price per share of  $                ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this  prospectus, would increase or decrease, as applicable, our pro forma as  adjusted net tangible book value per share after this offering by $                per  share and the dilution per share to new investors participating in this  offering by $                per  share, assuming that the number of shares of Class A common stock  offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,  remains the same and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and  commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. Similarly, a  1.0 million share increase in the number of shares of Class A  common stock offered by us would increase the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value after this offering by   $                per  share and decrease the dilution per share to new investors  participating in this offering by  $                per  share, and a                share decrease in the number of shares of Class A common stock offered by us would decrease the pro forma as  adjusted net tangible book value by  $                per  share, and increase the dilution per share to new investors in this offering by  $                per  share, assuming that the assumed initial public offering price per  share of $                ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting estimated  underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.
If  the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock from us, the pro forma as adjusted  net tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering  would be $                per share,  and the dilution to investors participating in this offering would be $            per  share.
The  following table summarizes on the pro forma as adjusted basis described above (but not including the 400,000 shares of our Class  A common stock that we plan to donate to a charitable foundation  described above), the differences between the number of shares purchased  from us, the total consideration paid and the average price per share paid to us by existing stockholders and  by investors purchasing shares of Class A common stock in this  offering at the assumed initial public offering price per share of $                ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page on  this prospectus, before deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us:
Shares Purchased
Total Consideration
Weighted-
Average
Price Per
Share
Number
Percent
Amount
(in thousands)
Percent
Existing stockholders
New investors
Total
A  $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price  per share of $                ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, would increase or decrease, as applicable, the total consideration paid by new investors by  $                million  and, in the case of an increase, would increase the percentage of total  consideration paid by new investors to    % and, in the case of a decrease,  would decrease the percentage of total consideration paid by new  investors to    %, assuming that the number of  shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. Similarly, a 1.0 million  share increase or decrease in the number of shares offered by us would  increase or decrease, as applicable, the total consideration paid by new  investors by $                million  and, in the case of an increase, would increase the percentage of total  consideration paid by new investors to    % and, in the case of a decrease, would decrease the percentage of total  consideration paid by new investors to    %,  assuming that the assumed initial public offering price per share of $                ,  which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus, remains the same.
If  the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of  Class A common stock in full, our existing stockholders would own    % and our new investors would  own    % of the total number of shares of our common  stock outstanding upon the completion of this offering.
The  pro forma and pro forma as adjusted columns in the table above are  based on shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B  common stock (after giving effect to the Preferred Stock Conversion and the RSU  Settlement) outstanding as of September 30, 2020, no shares of  Class C common stock outstanding, and 9,200,000 shares of Class H common  stock issued to our wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary in November 2020, and exclude:
24,460,092  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $5.96  per share, pursuant to our 2008 Plan;
13,788,876  shares of our Class B common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class B common stock that were outstanding as of September 30,  2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $3.18 per share,  pursuant to our 2008 Plan;
6,408,714  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of  $49.77 per share, pursuant to our 2018 Plan;
181,782  shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock that were outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of  $22.65 per share, pursuant to our Hotel Tonight Plan;
1,265,344  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2008 Plan  (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
30,762,460  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan  (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
16,344  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, for which the service-based condition was not  yet satisfied as of September 30, 2020, pursuant to our Hotel  Tonight Plan (we expect that vesting of certain of these RSUs through                      ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of             shares  of our Class A common stock in connection with this offering, after  withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations  (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed      % tax withholding rate));
5,465,264  RSUs covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable  upon satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition outstanding as of September 30,  2020, for which the service-based condition was not yet satisfied as of  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan (we expect that  vesting of certain of these RSUs through                     ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock, after withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax  obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed     %  tax withholding rate));
shares  of our Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of  our Class A common stock that were granted after  September 30, 2020, with a weighted-average exercise price of $              per share, pursuant to our 2018 Plan;
RSUs  covering shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable upon satisfaction of a  service-based vesting condition that were granted after  September 30, 2020, pursuant to our 2018 Plan (we expect that  vesting of certain of these RSUs through                     ,  2020 will result in the net issuance of              shares  of our Class A common stock, after withholding              shares  of Class A common stock to satisfy associated estimated income tax  obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed     %  tax withholding rate));
7,934,794  shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of  warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020,  with a weighted-average exercise price of $28.355 per share; and
shares  of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2020 Plan, which  will become effective on the date immediately prior to the date our  registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part becomes  effective.
Our  2020 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the  number of shares reserved thereunder, and our 2020 Plan also provides for increases to  the number of shares of Class A common stock that may be granted  thereunder based on shares underlying any awards under our 2008 Plan and  2018 Plan that expire, are forfeited or are otherwise terminated, as more fully described in the section  titled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Executive Compensation  Tables—Equity Plans—2020 Incentive Award Plan.”
To  the extent that any outstanding options to purchase our common stock  are exercised, RSUs are settled, or new awards are granted under our  equity compensation plans, warrants to purchase our Class A common stock  are exercised, or additional shares of our Class A common stock,  our Class B common stock, or our Class H common stock (or Class A  common stock issuable upon the conversion of our Class B common stock or our Class H common stock), or  shares of our Class C common stock are issued, there will be further  dilution to investors participating in this offering.
Selected Consolidated Financial And Other Data
The  following selected consolidated statements of operations data for the  years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 have been  derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus. The consolidated balance sheet data as of  December 31, 2017 has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included in this  prospectus. The following selected consolidated statements of operations  data for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016 and  consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015 and 2016 have been derived from our accounting  records and have been prepared on the same basis as the audited  consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus,  except that such data has not been recast to conform to Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 606, Revenue  from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), as discussed in footnote  (1) below. The selected consolidated statements of operations data  for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 and the consolidated balance  sheet data as of September 30, 2020 have been derived from our unaudited  interim consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this  prospectus. The unaudited consolidated financial data set forth below have been prepared on the same basis as  our audited consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of  management, reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring  adjustments, that are necessary for the fair statement of such data. Our historical results are not  necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the  future. You should read the following selected consolidated financial  and other data below in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial  statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. The  selected consolidated financial data included in this section are not intended to replace the  consolidated financial statements and are qualified in their entirety by  the consolidated financial statements and related notes included  elsewhere in this prospectus.
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands, except per share data)
Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:
Revenue
919,041
1,655,576
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
226,397
412,748
647,690
864,032
1,196,313
902,695
666,295
Operations and support
181,285
270,292
395,739
609,202
815,074
600,788
548,369
Product development
99,685
228,061
400,749
579,193
976,695
693,796
690,677
Sales and marketing
397,238
663,057
871,749
1,101,327
1,621,519
1,184,506
545,510
General and administrative
138,133
214,411
327,156
479,487
697,181
490,262
421,082
Restructuring charges
136,969
Total costs and expenses
1,042,738
1,788,569
2,643,083
3,633,241
5,306,782
3,872,047
3,008,902
Income (loss) from operations
(123,697
(132,993
(81,362
18,744
(501,543
(173,604
(489,967
Interest income
3,961
11,530
32,102
66,793
85,902
68,661
23,830
Interest expense
(7,902
(12,254
(16,403
(26,143
(9,968
(6,801
(107,548
Other income (expense), net
(3,160
(2,630
6,564
(12,361
13,906
42,130
(115,751
Income (loss) before income taxes
(130,798
(136,347
(59,099
47,033
(411,703
(69,614
(689,436
Provision for income taxes
4,648
11,003
10,947
63,893
262,636
253,187
7,429
Net loss
(135,446
(147,350
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands, except per share data)
Less: Deemed dividends to preferred stockholders
(92,468
Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders
(135,446
(239,818
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
(0.54
(0.95
(0.27
(0.07
(2.59
(1.24
(2.64
Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
248,528
251,344
255,006
256,326
260,556
259,946
263,726
Pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted (unaudited)
Weighted-average shares used in computing pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted (unaudited)
The  Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1, 2018, using the full  retrospective transition method. Accordingly, our audited consolidated financial statements for  2017 were recast to conform to ASC 606. Comparative information for 2015  and 2016, as presented above, continues to be reported under ASC 605,
Revenue Recognition
Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Operations and support
1,841
1,968
2,869
Product development
4,812
7,732
20,309
33,895
56,632
44,991
64,088
Sales and marketing
3,031
9,369
5,997
12,465
23,919
17,074
11,979
General and administrative
14,583
16,420
10,210
5,565
16,179
9,962
31,689
Restructuring charges
(1,849
Total stock-based compensation expense
22,791
33,874
38,357
53,893
97,547
72,310
108,776
Deemed dividends to preferred stockholders represent the premium paid over carrying value on the repurchase of certain redeemable convertible preferred stock.
See  Notes 2 and 15 to our consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of the method used to calculate basic and diluted net loss  per share attributable to common stockholders for 2017, 2018, 2019, and  the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 and pro forma basic  and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders and the weighted-average number of  shares used in the computation of the per share amounts.
As of December 31,
As of
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
2,024,988
2,842,470
2,887,808
3,329,308
3,074,273
4,495,211
Restricted cash
55,628
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
881,385
1,492,492
2,323,405
2,305,011
3,145,457
2,354,450
Working capital
1,770,474
2,379,989
2,121,733
2,138,522
1,327,679
2,828,152
Total assets
3,108,279
4,706,075
6,050,830
6,613,089
8,310,119
8,728,479
Funds payable and amounts payable to customers
881,385
1,492,492
2,323,405
2,305,011
3,145,457
2,354,450
Total liabilities
1,248,555
2,144,942
3,386,403
3,898,895
5,886,302
6,873,261
Redeemable convertible preferred stock
2,283,308
3,181,637
3,231,502
3,231,502
3,231,502
3,231,502
Additional
paid-in
capital
113,895
64,492
184,943
259,466
617,690
744,413
Accumulated deficit
(535,595
(682,945
(753,888
(768,888
(1,420,991
(2,117,856
Total stockholders’ deficit
(423,584
(620,504
(567,075
(517,308
(807,685
(1,376,284
The  Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1, 2018, using the full  retrospective transition method. Accordingly, our audited consolidated financial statements for  2017 were recast to conform to ASC 606. Comparative information for 2015  and 2016, as presented above, continues to be reported under ASC 605,
Revenue Recognition
We  define working capital as current assets less current liabilities. See  our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus for  further details regarding our current assets and current liabilities as  of December 31, 2018 and 2019.
Key Business Metrics
We  review the following key business metrics to measure our performance, identify  trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions.  We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating these key  metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a  different way.
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in millions)
Nights and Experiences Booked
72.4
125.7
185.8
250.3
326.9
251.1
146.9
Gross Booking Value
8,057.7
13,924.8
20,975.3
29,440.7
37,962.6
29,424.2
17,991.2
Nights and Experiences Booked
Nights  and Experiences Booked is a key measure of the scale of our platform,  which in turn drives our financial performance. Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of
the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of  seats booked for experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that  occurred in that period. For example, a booking made on February 15 would be reflected in Nights and Experiences Booked for  our quarter ended March 31. If, in the example, the booking were  canceled on May 15, Nights and Experiences Booked would be reduced  by the cancellation for our quarter ended June 30. A night can include one or more guests and can be for a  listing with one or more bedrooms. A seat is booked for each participant  in an experience. Substantially all of the bookings on our platform to  date have come from nights. We believe Nights and Experiences Booked is a key business metric to help  investors and others understand and evaluate our results of operations  in the same manner as our management team, as it represents a single  unit of transaction on our platform.
Gross Booking Value
GBV represents  the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is  inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net  of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. The  timing of recording GBV and any related cancellations is similar to that described in the subsection  titled “—Key Business Metrics—Nights and Experiences Booked” above.  Revenue from the booking is recognized upon
check-in;
accordingly, GBV is a  leading indicator of revenue. The entire amount of a booking is  reflected in GBV during the quarter in which booking occurs, whether the  guest pays the entire amount of the booking upfront or elects to use our Pay Less Upfront program.
For additional information about our key business metrics, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Business Metrics and
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures.”
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures
In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe the following
non-GAAP
measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance. We use the following
non-GAAP
financial information, collectively, to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe that
non-GAAP
financial  information, when taken collectively, may be helpful to investors  because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial  performance, and assists in comparisons with other companies, some of which use similar
non-GAAP
financial information to supplement their GAAP results. The
non-GAAP
financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered a  substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP,  and may be different from similarly titled
non-GAAP
measures used by other companies. A reconciliation of each
non-GAAP
financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure  stated in accordance with GAAP is provided below. Investors are  encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these
non-GAAP
financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial  measures. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes certain items related to transactional tax matters, for which management believes it is probable  that we may be held jointly liable with hosts in certain jurisdictions,  and we urge investors to review the detailed disclosure regarding these  matters included in the subsection titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and  Estimates—Lodging Tax Obligations,” as well as the notes to our  consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.
The following table summarizes our
non-GAAP
financial measures, along with the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each period presented below.
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in millions)
Net loss
(135.4
(147.4
(70.0
(16.9
(674.3
(322.8
(696.9
Adjusted EBITDA
(94.0
(52.7
60.0
170.6
(253.3
23.1
(230.2
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
(73.4
115.0
251.2
595.6
222.7
419.1
(490.6
Free Cash Flow
(123.6
21.1
151.0
504.9
97.3
319.8
(520.1
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted  EBITDA is defined as net income or loss adjusted for (i) provision  for income taxes; (ii) interest income, interest expense, and other income (expense), net; (iii) depreciation and amortization;  (iv) stock-based compensation expense; (v) net changes to the  reserves for lodging taxes for which management believes it is probable  that we may be held jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes; and (vi)  restructuring charges.
The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because these items are
non-cash
in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items is  unpredictable, not driven by core results of operations and renders  comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information  to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of  operations, as well as provides a useful measure for
period-to-period
comparisons of our business performance. Moreover, we have included  Adjusted EBITDA in this prospectus because it is a key measurement used  by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to operating expenses, evaluate  performance, and perform strategic planning and annual budgeting.
Adjusted EBITDA  has limitations as a financial measure, should be considered as  supplemental in nature, and is not meant as a substitute for the related  financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These  limitations include the following:
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest income (expense) and other income (expense), net, which include unrealized and realized gains and losses on foreign currency exchange, investments, and financial instruments;
Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring,
non-cash
charges, such as depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets, and although these are
non-cash
charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect all cash requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements;
Adjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense, which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy;
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect net changes to the reserves for lodging taxes for which management believes it is probable that we may be held jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes; and
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect restructuring charges, which include severance and other employee costs, lease impairments, and contract amendments and terminations.
Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including net loss and our other GAAP results.
The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most comparable GAAP measure, net loss:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
Revenue
919,041
1,655,576
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
Net loss
(135,446
(147,350
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Adjusted to exclude the following:
Provision for income taxes
4,648
11,003
10,947
63,893
262,636
253,187
7,429
Other (income) expense, net
3,160
2,630
(6,564
12,361
(13,906
(42,130
115,751
Interest expense
7,902
12,254
16,403
26,143
9,968
6,801
107,548
Interest income
(3,961
(11,530
(32,102
(66,793
(85,902
(68,661
(23,830
Depreciation and amortization
11,481
23,404
79,342
82,401
114,162
76,332
93,438
Stock-based compensation expense
22,791
33,874
38,357
53,893
97,547
72,310
110,625
Net changes in lodging tax reserves
(4,553
23,038
23,682
15,587
36,574
48,088
(81,219
Restructuring charges
136,969
Adjusted EBITDA
(93,978
(52,677
60,019
170,625
(253,260
23,126
(230,154
Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue
Excludes stock-based compensation related to restructuring, which is included in restructuring charges in the table above.
Free Cash Flow
Free Cash Flow is a
non-GAAP
financial measure that is calculated by reducing purchases of property  and equipment from net cash provided by (used in) operating activities. We  believe that Free Cash Flow is a meaningful indicator of liquidity that  provides information to management and investors about the amount of  cash generated from operations that, after purchases of property and equipment, can be used for strategic  initiatives, including continuous investment in our business, growth  through acquisitions, and strengthening our balance sheet. Our Free Cash  Flow is impacted by the timing of GBV because we collect our service fees at the time of booking, which is  generally before a stay or experience occurs. Funds held on behalf of  our hosts and guests and amounts payable to our hosts and guests do not  impact Free Cash Flow, except interest earned on these funds. Free Cash Flow has limitations as an analytical  tool and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for  analysis of other GAAP financial measures, such as net
cash provided by operating activities. Free Cash Flow does not reflect  our ability to meet future contractual commitments and may be calculated  differently by other companies in our industry, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.
The following is a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
Revenue
919,041
1,655,576
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
(73,422
115,024
251,225
595,557
222,727
419,101
(490,622
Purchases of property and equipment
(50,138
(93,894
(100,204
(90,624
(125,452
(99,278
(29,489
Free Cash Flow
(123,560
21,130
151,021
504,933
97,275
319,823
(520,111
Free Cash Flow as a percentage of revenue
Other cash flow components:
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
(68,662
23,194
(788,944
(668,171
(347,155
(50,089
(816,104
Net cash provided by financing activities
1,504,800
814,898
672,954
140,516
854,579
684,198
1,174,207
For additional information about these
non-GAAP
financial measures, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Business Metrics and
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures.”
The  Growth of Our Community Guests have booked more than 1 billion nights  and experiences since 2007. Here are some year-by-year highlights. 2007 Brian and Joe host three guests—Kat, Amol, and  Michael—who’ve traveled to San Francisco for a design conference. 2008 A  host in Washington, D.C. lists the first private room on Airbnb. Over  the next decade, they host hundreds of guests in their Victorian row house. 2009 Airbnb launches  the Superhost program to recognize the highest standards of hosting on  the platform. 2010 A host in Connecticut lists a five-acre private  island. Today, there are more than 1,600 private islands available to book on Airbnb. 2011 We enhance our  platform to empower hosts, including a $50,000 guarantee for property  damage, and a 24-hour customer hotline. 2012 Airbnb enables hosts to  offer free accommodations to those impacted by Hurricane Sandy in New York City, and the Open Homes program is born.  2013 In a moment of informal international cooperation, Japanese host  Megumi restores an old farmhouse, and raises her daughter Akari with  help from guests from all over the world. 2014 1,000 hosts congregate in San Francisco to share hospitality  tips during the second Airbnb Open conference, including hosts from as  far away as Europe and Australia. 2015 Some 1,000 new Airbnb hosts in  Cuba open the doors to their Casas Particulares, as US-Cuban travel flourishes. 2016 Airbnb and the  Self-Employed Women’s Association of India initiate a program enabling  hosts to offer homestays, bringing new livelihood opportunities to rural  India. 2017 In a company-wide commitment to growth in China, Airbnb announces its new Chinese  name—Aibiying—which means “welcome each other with love.” 2018 The  Experiences program gets its first superstar—beloved grandma Nonna  Nerina is interviewed on Italian national television about her pasta-making experience. 2019 As a  growing number of unusual properties join the platform, Kristie lists  the first potato on Airbnb. Hundreds of guests will stay in the 6-ton  Idaho spud. 2020 Hosts sign up to welcome COVID-19 first responders at 200,000 listings, as part of the  new Frontline Stays program.
327m 300m 200m 100m Nights and Experiences Booked 0 2016 2010 2017 2011 2018 2012 2019 2013 2015 2008 2014 2009 2007
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Glossary of Terms
Term
Definition
Active booker
An active booker is a unique guest who has booked a stay or experience in a given period.
Active listing
We consider a listing of a home or an experience to be an “active listing” if it is viewable on Airbnb and has been previously booked at least once on Airbnb (excluding Hotel Tonight).
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted  EBITDA is defined as net income or loss adjusted for (i) provision  for income taxes; (ii) interest income, interest expense, and other income (expense), net; (iii)  depreciation and amortization; (iv) stock-based compensation expense;  (v) net changes to the reserves for lodging taxes for which  management believes it is probable that we may be held jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes;  and (vi) restructuring charges.
Available listing
Available listings are accommodations and experiences that are viewable on a certain date on our platform (excluding Hotel Tonight).
Check-ins
Check-ins represent individual stays or experiences that occur during a period that have not been canceled.
Free Cash Flow
Free Cash Flow represents net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment.
Gross Booking Value
Gross Booking Value (“GBV”) represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period.
Guest arrivals
Guest arrivals represent an individual and all co-travelers included on a reservation for a stay for completed check-ins during a given period.
Hosts
We count the number of hosts on our platform based on the number of users with available listings as of a certain date.
Individual host
Individual  hosts are individual entrepreneurs who list their spaces, including  private rooms, primary homes, or vacation homes on Airbnb. We define individual hosts as those hosts who onboard and  activate their spaces on Airbnb directly through our website or mobile  apps.
Nights and Experiences Booked
Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period.
Professional host
Professional  hosts are all hosts who are not individual hosts. Professional hosts  are often property managers or traditional hospitality operators (i.e. hotels, traditional bed and breakfasts,  hostels, or serviced apartments). A professional host generally utilizes  our professional hosting tools such as our application programming  interfaces to list on Airbnb.
Revenue
Revenue consists of service fees, net of incentives and refunds, charged to our customers.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
You  should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial  condition and results of operations together with the “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and our consolidated  financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this  prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based  upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ  materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as  a result of various factors, including those set forth under the  section titled “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this prospectus. Our historical results are not  necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any  period in the future. Except as otherwise noted, all references to 2019  refer to the year ended December 31, 2019, references to 2018 refer to the year ended December 31, 2018, and  references to 2017 refer to the year ended December 31, 2017.
Overview
Airbnb started with two designers trying to solve a problem: how to pay their rent.
The  year was 2007. Brian and Joe — two of our founders and friends from  design school — were looking for a way to cover the cost of their San Francisco  apartment. That week, they saw an opportunity. An international design  conference was coming to town, and every hotel was sold out. They  quickly created a website, AirBedandBreakfast.com, with the hope of renting airbeds in their  apartment to attendees of the conference. Three designers, Michael, Kat,  and Amol, took them up on their offer and became the first guests of  Brian and Joe, our first hosts.
When  Brian and Joe told people what they were doing, they thought the idea  sounded crazy. “Strangers will never stay in each other’s homes,” they said. But something unexpected happened that first weekend.  Brian and Joe treated their guests like old friends from out of town,  connecting them to a unique slice of San Francisco that they could never  have experienced on their own. Michael, Kat, and Amol came as outsiders, but left feeling like  locals. The experience left Brian and Joe feeling something special too —  the excitement of sharing the city they loved and seeing their guests  form a deep connection to it.
Brian  and Joe started thinking: maybe there were more people like Michael,  Kat, and Amol who would like to travel this way and more people who would like to host this way. These are the ideas that Airbnb was founded  on.
In  2008, Nate, a software engineer, joined Brian and Joe, and together the three founders took on a bigger design problem: how do you  make strangers feel comfortable enough to stay in each other’s homes?  The key was trust. The solution they designed combined host and guest  profiles, integrated messaging,
two-way
reviews, and secure payments built on a technology platform that  unlocked trust, and eventually led to hosting at a global scale that was  unimaginable at the time.
Today,  the idea does not seem so crazy after all. Our more than 4 million  hosts now offer everything from a private room in their home to luxury villas, from one night to several months at a time. Hosting has expanded  from homes to now include experiences that can be taken in cities all  over the world, or even online. In more than 220 countries and regions  around the world, our hosts have welcomed over 825 million guest arrivals and have cumulatively  earned over $110 billion. “Airbnb” has become synonymous with
one-of-a-kind
travel on a global scale.
Our Business Model
We  operate a global marketplace, where hosts offer guests stays and  experiences on our platform. As of September 30, 2020, our more  than 4 million hosts had 7.4 million available listings of homes  and experiences, of which 5.6 million were active listings. Our  listings include private rooms, entire homes, luxury villas, treehouses,  igloos, and experiences, in approximately 100,000 cities across more than 220 countries and regions.  In 2019, 63% of our revenue was generated from listings outside of the  United States. We believe that we have the largest collection of unique  listings available for guests. Available listings are accommodations and experiences that are viewable  on a certain date on our platform (excluding Hotel Tonight). We count  the number of hosts on our platform based on the number of users with  available listings as of a certain date; some individuals may have more than one account. Active listings  are available listings that have been previously booked at least once at  any time since inception. We believe this definition of active listings  is appropriate given recent booking activity of listings that are defined as active listings.  Approximately 76% of active listings had been booked in the twelve  months ended September 30, 2020 and 90% had been booked in the  24-month period ended September 30, 2020.
During  2019, we had 54 million active bookers and 247 million guest arrivals.  An active booker is a unique guest who has booked a stay or experience in a given period. Guest arrivals represent an individual and  all co-travelers included on a reservation for a stay for completed  check-ins during a given period. Because an individual guest may take  more than one trip in a measurement period for guest arrivals, such guest will be counted separately for  each check-in when calculating total guest arrivals for a period. In  comparison, a check-in represents a check-in event for a single  reservation for a stay or experience, regardless of the number of travelers or experience participants.
Our  business model relies on the success of hosts and guests who join our community and generate consistent bookings over time. As hosts become  more successful on our platform and as guests return over time, we  benefit from the recurring activity of our community. For example, in  2019, 84% of our revenue resulted from stays with existing hosts who had completed at least one guest
check-in
on or before December 31, 2018, up from 82% in 2018 and 77% in 2017. In  addition, 69% of our revenue in 2019 was generated from stays in that year by repeat guests, defined as guests with at least one prior  booking, up from 66% in 2018 and 62% in 2017. We track revenue from  existing hosts and guests based on revenue before adjustments for  incentives and refunds, as we do not track contra-revenue adjustments by host and guest cohort. Incentives include  our referral programs and marketing promotions to encourage the use of  our platform and attract new customers, while our refunds to customers  are part of our customer support activities. We believe such revenue generated from stays is the best  available indicator of host and guest retention.
We  experienced rapid growth since our founding through 2019. In 2019, we generated GBV of  $38.0 billion, representing growth of 29% from $29.4 billion  in 2018, and revenue of $4.8 billion, representing growth of 32%  from $3.7 billion in 2018. During the nine months ended September 30, 2020, our business was materially  impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, with GBV of $18.0 billion, down 39%  year over year and revenue of $2.5 billion, down 32% year over year.
Our  GBV of $38.0 billion in 2019 consisted of $31.3 billion in host  earnings, $5.3 billion in service fees for Airbnb, and $1.4 billion in  taxes to our communities, consisting primarily of lodging taxes that we collect  and remit to tax authorities. We recognize revenue upon check-in for a  stay or experience from service fees charged to hosts and guests. We  calculate Airbnb service fees based on a percentage of the booking value, exclusive of taxes.
The  table below shows an illustrative night booked where we collect and  remit lodging taxes. Host and guest service fees vary based on factors specific to the booking,  such as duration, geography, and host type. GBV and revenue in the table  below exclude reductions in revenue resulting from payments made to  hosts and guests, such as incentives and refunds.
Illustrative Night Booked on Airbnb
Host:
Price per night set by host
100.00
Less: Host fees (illustrative)
3.00
Total paid to host
97.00
Guest:
Price per night set by host
100.00
Guest fees (illustrative)
12.00
Lodging taxes (pass through and remitted to local authorities; illustrative)
4.00
Total collected from guest (GBV)
116.00
Airbnb:
Total service fees (collected at booking and recognized as revenue upon
check-in)
15.00
For  the majority of bookings, we collect the full amount of GBV at the time  of booking. For the remainder of bookings, guests choose to pay in two installments with our Pay Less  Upfront program. In either case, we collect our service fees at the time  of booking, which contributes to Free Cash Flow before we recognize  revenue upon check-in. Funds held on behalf of our hosts and guests and amounts payable to our hosts and  guests do not impact Free Cash Flow, except interest earned on these  funds.
Our  business model is capital efficient. We have generated  $1.0 billion of net cash provided by operating activities and  incurred $507.0 million of purchases of property and equipment cumulatively from January 1,  2011 through December 31, 2019, resulting in cumulative positive  Free Cash Flow of $520.1 million in the same period. We believe  that we are still early in the global shift in consumer preferences toward
one-of-a-kind
stays and experiences, which provides an opportunity to further grow  our community and business. As a result, we have consistently reinvested the  Free Cash Flow that we have generated to meet our business needs and  expand our operations. During 2019, net cash provided by operating  activities was $222.7 million and Free Cash Flow was $97.3 million, compared to net cash provided by  operating activities of $595.6 million and Free Cash Flow of  $504.9 million in 2018. In addition, during 2019, we had a net loss  of $674.3 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $(253.3) million, compared to a net loss of $16.9 million  and Adjusted EBITDA of $170.6 million in 2018. During the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, our business was materially impacted by  COVID-19, with net cash used in operating activities of $490.6 million, a decrease of $909.7 million  year over year; Free Cash Flow of $(520.1) million, a decrease of $839.9  million year over year; net loss of $696.9 million, a decrease of  $374.1 million year over year; and Adjusted EBITDA of $(230.2) million, a decrease of $253.3 million year  over year.
Adjusted  EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are supplemental metrics that are not calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. See the  section titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data —
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for additional information.
While  our business has been severely impacted by COVID-19 in 2020, we believe  that travel will rebound and people will increasingly choose the one-of-a-kind stays and experiences offered by our hosts. Against
an otherwise highly negative travel backdrop, our listing count has  remained stable. Our active listings were 5.7 million as of  December 31, 2019 and 5.6 million as of September 30, 2020. In addition, several areas of our business have  shown resilience, notably, domestic travel, short-distance travel,  travel outside of our top 20 cities, and long-term stays. While we  believe that travel will change as a result of COVID-19, the adaptability of our business suggests that we  are well-positioned to serve this dynamic market. Further detail is  presented in the subsection titled “— Recent Developments” below.
Key Business Metrics and
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures
We track the following key business metrics and
non-GAAP
financial measures to evaluate our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic  decisions. Accordingly, we believe that these key business metrics and
non-GAAP
financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in  the same manner as our management team. These key business metrics and
non-GAAP
financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered a substitute for  financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, and may be  different from similarly titled metrics or measures presented by other  companies. A reconciliation of each
non-GAAP
financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure  stated in accordance with GAAP is provided in the section titled  “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data —
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures.”
Nights and Experiences Booked
Nights  and Experiences Booked is a key measure of the scale of our platform,  which in turn drives our financial performance. Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total  number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked  for experiences, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in  that period. For example, a booking made on February 15 would be reflected in Nights and Experiences Booked  for our quarter ended March 31. If, in the example, the booking were  canceled on May 15, Nights and Experiences Booked would be reduced  by the cancellation for our quarter ended June 30. A night can include one or more guests and can be for a  listing with one or more bedrooms. A seat is booked for each participant  in an experience. Substantially all of the bookings on our platform to  date have come from nights.
In  2019, we had 326.9 million Nights and Experiences Booked, a 31%  increase from 250.3 million Nights and Experiences Booked in 2018, which grew 35%  from 185.8 million in 2017. Nights and Experiences Booked grows as  we attract new hosts and guests to our platform and as repeat guests  increase their activity on our platform.
We  experience seasonality in the number of Nights and Experiences Booked.  Typically, the first, second, and third quarters of the year each have higher Nights and Experiences Booked than  the fourth quarter, as guests plan for travel during the peak travel  season, which is in the third quarter for North America and EMEA. Our  bookings can also be impacted by the timing of holidays and other events as described in the subsection  titled “— Key Factors Affecting Our Performance — Seasonality” below.
In 2020, our Nights and Experiences Booked declined from prior levels as a result of the
COVID-19
pandemic. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we had  146.9 million Nights and Experiences Booked, a 41% decrease from  251.1 million Nights and Experiences Booked for the comparative  prior year period. The decline was most severe in the second quarter, with Nights and Experiences Booked declining 67%  from the prior year period, and our business improved in the third  quarter with a decline of 28% from the prior year period. This  improvement was driven by stronger results in North America and Europe, in particular with resilience in domestic and  short-distance travel, with more people gravitating toward Airbnb stays  within driving distance of their homes. Further detail is presented in  the subsection titled “—Recent Developments” below.
Gross Booking Value
GBV  represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and  is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes,  net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. The  timing of recording GBV and any related cancellations is similar to that  described in the subsection titled “— Key Business Metrics and
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures — Nights and Experiences Booked” above. Revenue from the booking is recognized upon
check-in;
accordingly, GBV is a leading indicator of revenue. The entire amount of a booking is reflected in GBV during the  quarter in which booking occurs, whether the guest pays the entire  amount of the booking upfront or elects to use our Pay Less Upfront  program.
Growth  in GBV reflects our ability to attract and retain hosts and guests and  reflects growth in Nights and Experiences Booked. In 2019, our GBV was $38.0 billion, a 29%  increase from $29.4 billion in 2018, which grew 40% from  $21.0 billion in 2017. On a constant currency basis, growth in GBV  was 33% in 2019 and 38% in 2018.
We experience seasonality in our GBV that is consistent with the seasonality of Nights and Experiences Booked. In 2019, guests booked stays on average 37 days before
check-in
although there is variability based on seasonality and geography. The average number of days between a booking and
check-in
tends to be shortest in the third quarter as this represents the peak  travel period in North America and EMEA and longest in the first  quarter. In comparison, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020, guests booked stays on average  35 days before check-in. This number was 28 days and 23 days for the  second and third quarters of 2020, respectively, due to guests booking  closer to their travel dates as a result of COVID-19.
The decrease in our GBV in the first nine months of 2020 was due to the reduction in Nights and Experiences Booked due to the
COVID-19
pandemic, as described  above. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, our GBV was  $18.0 billion, a 39% decrease from $29.4 billion for the  comparative prior-year period. On a constant currency basis, the reduction in GBV was 39%. The decline was  most severe in the second quarter, with GBV declining 67% from the prior  year. We experienced an increase in GBV in the third quarter of 2020 as  domestic travel rebounded on our platform, but below third quarter 2019 levels by 17%. In the third  quarter of 2020, GBV declined less than Nights and Experiences Booked as  a result of increased GBV per Night and Experience Booked driven by a  shift towards North America compared to other regions and entire home bookings. Further detail is presented in  the subsection titled “—Recent Developments” below.
Prior to  2020, we have historically experienced significant growth in the number  of hosts listing on our platform and number of guests, resulting in  strong year-over-year growth rates in both Nights and Experiences Booked  and associated GBV. As we have achieved greater scale in our operations, particularly in 2018 and 2019,  the annual growth rates for Nights and Experiences Booked and GBV have  stabilized, although, as discussed in further detail in the subsection  titled “— Recent Developments” below, COVID-19 has had and is continuing to have a  negative impact in 2020.
Adjusted EBITDA
We  define Adjusted EBITDA as net income or loss adjusted for  (i) provision for income taxes; (ii) interest income, interest  expense, and other income (expense), net; (iii) depreciation and amortization;  (iv) stock-based compensation expense; (v) net changes to the  reserves for lodging taxes for which management believes it is probable  that we may be held jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes; and (vi)  restructuring charges.
The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because these items are
non-cash
in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items is  unpredictable, not driven by core results of operations and renders  comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information  to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of  operations, as well as provides a useful measure for
period-to-period
comparisons of our business performance. Moreover, we have included  Adjusted EBITDA in this prospectus because it is a key measurement used  by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to analyzing operating expenses,  evaluating performance, and performing strategic planning and annual  budgeting.
In  2019, Adjusted EBITDA decreased to $(253.3) million primarily due to  significant investments in growth initiatives and investments in our technical infrastructure. In 2018 and  2017, Adjusted EBITDA was $170.6 million, representing 5% of  revenue, and $60.0 million, representing 2% of revenue,  respectively. In 2018, Adjusted EBITDA increased as our annual revenue grew 43%, offset by ongoing growth initiatives.
Seasonal trends in our
check-ins
impact Adjusted EBITDA for any given quarter. We track our trailing twelve months (“TTM”) Adjusted  EBITDA as a percentage of revenue to account for seasonal fluctuations  in our revenue and associated profitability. TTM Adjusted EBITDA as a  percentage of revenue provides a longer-term view of our profitability that is not impacted by  seasonality. See the section titled “Selected Consolidated Financial  and Other Data —
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most relevant GAAP measure and the subsection titled “— Quarterly Reconciliations of
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” below for a reconciliation of TTM Adjusted EBITDA to the most relevant GAAP measure.
For  the nine months ended September 30, 2020, Adjusted EBITDA was  $(230.2) million, compared to Adjusted EBITDA of $23.1 million in the prior year  period. The decrease was due to the reduction in Nights and Experiences  Booked and GBV due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as described above, offset  by cost reductions. In the third quarter of 2020, typically our strongest seasonal quarter for check-ins,  Adjusted EBITDA was $501.4 million, compared to $313.6 million in  the prior year, reflecting a decrease in total costs and expenses of  35%, partially offset by a decrease in revenue of 18%.
Free Cash Flow
We  define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating  activities less purchases of property and equipment. We believe that  Free Cash Flow is a meaningful indicator of liquidity that provides information to  our management and investors about the amount of cash generated from  operations, after purchases of property and equipment, that can be used  for investment in our business and for acquisitions as well as to strengthen our balance sheet. Our Free  Cash Flow is impacted by the timing of GBV because we collect our  service fees at the time of booking, which is generally before a stay or  experience occurs. Funds held on behalf of our hosts and guests and amounts payable to our hosts and guests do  not impact Free Cash Flow, except interest earned on these funds.
In  2019, Free Cash Flow was $97.3 million, representing 2% of  revenue, compared to $504.9 million in 2018, representing 14% of revenue, and  $151.0 million in 2017, representing 6% of revenue. Free Cash Flow  decreased in 2019 largely due to higher operating expenses, while it  increased in 2018 primarily due to higher operating income and to a lesser extent, lower capital expenditures.
Seasonal  trends in our GBV impact Free Cash Flow for any given quarter. We track  our TTM Free Cash Flow to account for the timing difference in when we receive cash from service fees,  which is at the time of booking. TTM Free Cash Flow provides a  longer-term view of our business that is not impacted by seasonality.  Our costs are relatively fixed across quarters or vary in line with the volume of transactions, and we historically  achieve our highest GBV in the first and second quarters of the year  with comparatively lower check-ins. As a result, increases in unearned  fees make our Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow as a percentage of revenue the highest in the first two  quarters of the year. We typically see a slight decline in GBV and a  peak in check-ins in the third quarter, which results in a decrease in  unearned fees and lower sequential level of Free Cash Flow, and a greater decline in GBV in the fourth quarter,  where Free Cash Flow is typically negative. For additional information  regarding seasonality, see the subsection titled “— Key Factors  Affecting Our Performance — Seasonality” below. See the section titled “Selected Consolidated  Financial and Other Data —
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to the most  relevant GAAP measure. For additional information regarding the reconciliation of  TTM Free Cash Flow to the most relevant GAAP measure, see the  subsection titled “— Quarterly Reconciliations of
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures.”
For  the nine months ended September 30, 2020, Free Cash Flow was  $(520.1) million, compared to Free Cash Flow of $319.8 million in the prior year period. The decrease was due to  the reduction in Nights and Experiences Booked and GBV due to the  COVID-19 pandemic, as described above, offset by cost reductions. In the  third quarter of 2020, Free Cash Flow was $328.0 million, compared to $(78.4) million in the prior year,  reflecting an increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities and a  lower decrease in unearned fees.
Recent Developments
COVID-19
Has Had a Disproportionately Negative Effect on the Travel Industry
In  December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus disease was first reported. Only three months  later, in March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized
COVID-19
as a global pandemic. The COVID-19
pandemic has forced international, federal, state, and local governments to enforce prohibitions of
non-essential
activities. The outbreak will have a continued adverse impact on economic and market conditions and has  already triggered a period of global economic slowdown, the depth and  breadth of which are yet to be determined.
The  COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in global travel restrictions and a  corresponding significant reduction in travel. While many industries  have been adversely impacted, travel has been disproportionately affected, as  governments have implemented travel restrictions and as people have  become reluctant to travel irrespective of such restrictions. As a  result, global scheduled flights began to decline in February 2020, and by May 2020 were down 69% relative to May  2019. By September 2020, flights had slightly rebounded, down 48%  compared to September 2019, according to OAG Aviation. In addition,  global hotel occupancy rates have significantly declined in 2020 according to STR, with 48% occupancy in  the United States and 39% in Europe in September 2020, down from 67% and  81% in September 2019, respectively.
Prior  to the outbreak, we had seen strong year-over-year growth in Nights and  Experiences Booked in the first three weeks of 2020. We first saw the impact of
COVID-19
in China in  the last week of January, which when contained to China, had a minor  impact on the entire business. The outbreak spread throughout Asia, and  then through Europe, North America, and the rest of the world by the end of the first quarter of 2020. In  order to protect our business from these near-term market disruptions  and the prospect of a prolonged business impact, we raised  $2.0 billion in the form of term loans in April 2020 and took action to dramatically reduce our operating expenses  as described below. We believe these incremental funds and our rapid  management of expenses, in addition to our existing cash position, will  help us to prudently manage our business through the effects of the
COVID-19
pandemic.
As of the date of this prospectus, the full impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic on the global economy and the extent to which the
COVID-19
pandemic will continue to adversely impact our financial condition,  results of operations, and cash flows remains uncertain. Our financial results for  the first nine months of 2020 were materially adversely affected, and we  expect that
COVID-19
will  continue to materially adversely impact our bookings, revenue, and business operations in future periods.  While we experienced an increase in GBV and revenue in the third  quarter of 2020 compared to the second quarter of 2020 as domestic  travel rebounded, both were down for the first nine months of 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 by 39% and  32%, respectively; and both were down for the third quarter of 2020  compared to the third quarter of 2019 by 17% and 18%, respectively. The  extent and duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic over the longer term remain uncertain and  dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at  this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of
COVID-19,
the extent and effectiveness of containment actions taken, including  mobility restrictions, the timing, availability, and effectiveness of  vaccines, and the impact of these and other factors on travel behavior  in general, and on our business in particular.
During  the fourth quarter of 2020, another wave of COVID-19 infections  emerged. As a result, countries imposed strict lockdowns, in particular in Europe. Similar to the impact of the initial COVID-19 wave  in March 2020, we are seeing a decrease in bookings in the most  affected regions. As a result, we expect greater year-over-year decline  in Nights and Experiences Booked and GBV in the fourth quarter of 2020 than in the third quarter of 2020 and  greater year-over-year increases in cancellations and alterations in the  fourth quarter of 2020 than in the third quarter of 2020.
COVID-19
Impact on our Business
To  provide additional information on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  on our business, we have included below the year-over-year comparisons  of monthly booking and cancellation trends in the fourth quarter of 2019  and the first nine months of 2020.
Monthly Nights and Experiences Booked Trends
2019
2020
Sept
(in millions, except percentages)
Gross nights and experiences booked
30.5
28.3
28.4
38.3
32.8
19.0
16.4
26.0
28.3
26.0
23.9
% YoY Change
(42)%
(72)%
(50)%
(21)%
(19)%
(21)%
(23)%
(-) Cancellations and alterations
23.1
Cancellations and alterations as a % of gross nights and experiences booked
122%
108%
Nights and Experiences Booked*
26.6
24.7
24.5
33.3
27.9
(4.1)
(0.7)
19.5
21.7
20.6
19.5
% YoY Change
(114)%
(103)%
(68)%
(31)%
(28)%
(28)%
(28)%
We define Nights and Experiences Booked as net of cancellations and alterations.
Gross nights and experiences booked
materially contracted on a year-over-year basis, with a low in April 2020, down 72% year over year. From April through June 2020, we  saw a steady rebound in gross nights and experiences booked before  cancellations and alterations, which were down 21% in June relative to  the same period in the prior year. From July through September 2020, gross nights and experiences booked  have been stable, down approximately 20% relative to the same period in  the prior year.
Cancellations and alterations
of previously booked trips increased dramatically after the
COVID-19
outbreak, as guests were either unable to travel or uncomfortable doing  so. While the number of nights and experiences canceled in January 2020  was 13% of the gross nights and experiences booked that month, the number of nights and experiences canceled in March and April 2020  exceeded the number of gross nights and experiences booked during those  months. From April to September 2020, cancellations and alterations as a  percentage of gross nights and experiences booked initially declined significantly and then have  remained relatively stable for the past several months.
Nights and Experiences Booked
was negative in March and April 2020. By May 2020, gross nights and experiences booked had begun to recover, while cancellations and  alterations began to fall, resulting in a return to positive Nights and  Experiences Booked from May through September 2020. From July through  September 2020, Nights and Experiences Booked were stable, down 28% relative to the same period in the prior  year.
Monthly Gross Booking Value Trends
2019
2020
Sept
($ in billions, except percentages and gross daily rate)
Gross daily rate
110.20
110.23
110.36
122.51
122.63
104.35
91.69
135.73
145.72
133.84
132.24
127.84
% YoY Change
(1)%
(1)%
(12)%
(21)%
Gross Booking Value before cancellations and alterations
% YoY Change
(49)%
(78)%
(41)%
(4)%
(4)%
(9)%
Gross Booking Value*
(0.9)
(0.6)
% YoY Change
(127)%
(119)%
(69)%
(17)%
(19)%
(14)%
(17)%
We define Gross Booking Value as net of cancellations and alterations.
Gross daily rate
represents  GBV per Night and Experience Booked, all before cancellations and alterations. This measure is a useful proxy for the ADR trend over this  period; because the net metrics reflect elevated cancellations and were  negative in March and April 2020, the net daily rate was not meaningful  for those periods. The year-over-year increase in gross daily rate from May to September 2020  was driven by faster recovery in North America and EMEA during this  period, which have historically higher daily rates than Latin America  and Asia Pacific. The gross daily rate was also impacted by a mix shift toward entire home listings in
non-urban
destinations, which have higher daily rates.
Gross Booking Value
before
cancellations and alterations
followed a similar trend to gross nights and experiences booked, materially declining on a  year-over-year basis between March and May 2020. GBV before  cancellations and alterations recovered in June 2020, growing 1%  year-over-year, driven by the increase in gross daily rate. From July through September 2020, GBV before cancellations and  alterations has been stable, down less than 10% compared to the same  periods in the prior year.
Gross Booking Value
declined  and rebounded as a result of the trends described above. In September 2020, GBV was down 17% on a year-over-year basis, less than  the 28% decline in Nights and Experiences Booked due to the growth in  gross daily rate. GBV reflects bookings made in a period for future  nights or experiences and is a leading indicator for revenue, which is recognized during the period that stays  and experiences occur.
We expect continued volatility in these trends and fluctuations from month to month as the continued impact from
COVID-19
is not linear across geographies, as some countries and cities have recently enacted new lockdowns and prohibitions on travel, and as COVID-19 is continuing to materially adversely affect our business and financial results.
Multiple Resilient Categories Were Less Impacted and Showed Strong Recovery
We  believe that the recovery in the second and third quarters of 2020 is  attributable to the renewed ability and willingness for guests to  travel, the resilience of our hosts, and relative strength of our business model.  From December 31, 2019 through September 30, 2020, active  listings remained stable at approximately 5.6 million despite the  decline in booking activity on our platform due to
COVID-19.
Against an otherwise highly negative travel backdrop, there are several  areas of our business that have shown resilience, notably, domestic  travel, short-distance travel, travel outside of our top 20 cities, and long-term stays. While we believe that  travel will change as a result of
COVID-19,
the adaptability of our business suggests that we are well-positioned to serve this dynamic market as it continues to evolve and recover.
To  provide additional information on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  on our business, we have included below year-over-year comparisons of monthly booking trends in  the fourth quarter of 2019 and the first nine months of 2020.
Domestic travel
represents travel within the same country, when the guest’s origin  country is the same as the destination country. Our business historically has  been weighted toward cross-border travel, which accounted for 49% of  nights in 2019 relative to our estimate for the travel industry that 20%  of total overnight paid trips come from cross-border travel. While air and cross-border international  travel has been significantly impacted by
COVID-19,
domestic travel around the world has been extremely resilient. In  September 2020, global domestic nights and experiences booked were 77% of our gross nights and  experiences booked compared to 52% in January 2020, and domestic nights  and experiences grew 14% year-over-year. Taking into account the higher  daily rate during this period, domestic Gross Booking Value before cancellations and alterations grew  35% year over year in September 2020.
Short-distance travel
within 50 miles of guest origin has been highly resilient, even at the peak of the business interruption in April. Short-distance stays were one of the fastest growing categories prior to the
COVID-19
pandemic. This growth was further bolstered by the
COVID-19
pandemic, as many guests chose short-distance trips instead of  long-distance travel. From May through September 2020, this category  grew year over year. We have also seen stays between 50 miles and 500 miles from guest origin recover and return to year-over-year growth  since June 2020. Taking into account the higher gross daily rate during  this period, Gross Booking Value before cancellations and alterations  for travel distance under 500 miles grew 38% year over year in September 2020.
Travel outside of our top 20 cities
(based on 2019 GBV) has been more resilient than those booked in our top 20 cities. While gross nights and experiences booked  in our top 20 cities by 2019 GBV were down 52% in September 2020  compared to September 2019, those booked outside of our top 20 cities  based on 2019 GBV were down only 19%. Taking into account the higher gross daily rate during this period,  Gross Booking Value before cancellations and alterations for travel  booked outside of our top 20 cities was flat year over year in September  2020. During a period of travel restrictions, community lockdowns and social distancing, smaller  destinations have seen relative strength, as guests seek more remote  destinations outside crowded urban centers. We believe this demonstrates  the strength of our global network and the diversification of our business.
Long-term stays
are stays on our platform of at least 28 nights. Long-term stays were  one of our fastest growing categories in 2019 as guests increasingly chose  Airbnb listings to meet their need for stays of greater length. We  believe the long-term stays category represents a different use case  than leisure travel, and as a result, was not as impacted as dramatically by
COVID-19.
While the category of one to 27 nights (short-term stays) was down 81%  year over year in April, long-term stays were down only 13% year over  year and saw year-over-year growth from May through September 2020. Taking into account the higher  gross daily rate during this period, Gross Booking Value before  cancellations and alterations for long-term stays was up 50% year over  year in September 2020.
Recent Developments Note: Table totals may not properly sum from components due to rounding
Overall,  the historical mix of gross nights and experiences booked by travel  distance, corridor, and top 20 cities is similar to the historical mix of revenue by those categories. Because long-term stays have lower  GBV per night and lower service fees, the revenue by trip length is  weighted more toward short-term stays.
COVID-19 Cost Reductions Position Our Business for Improved Financial Performance
In response to the spread of
COVID-19
and the resulting material decrease in GBV, we undertook an internal review of our cost structure, ultimately making changes to improve the  strength of our business in the long term. Specifically, we  significantly reduced our fixed and variable costs, which we believe  will result in improved operating leverage as we emerge from
COVID-19.
We rapidly  made changes to manage our expenses in a period of material business  interruption, which included the following, among others:
Suspending substantially all discretionary marketing program spend;
Reducing full-time employee headcount by approximately 25%;
Setting expectation for the potential of no employee bonuses for 2020 and reducing executive team member salaries for six months;
Significantly reducing all discretionary spend;
Suspending all facilities build-outs and significantly reducing capital expenditures; and
Significantly reducing our contingent workforce.
These  headcount reductions and other restructuring actions are expected to  result in charges for 2020 ranging between $135 million and $150 million. In conjunction with these actions, we have realigned  our organizational priorities to further increase our focus on  individual hosts and brand marketing, while pausing our investments in  newer areas such as transportation and content and reducing performance marketing. We have done this to sharpen  our focus on investments that directly strengthen our community and to  increase the efficiency of our operations as the travel industry begins  to recover from the
COVID-19
pandemic. We believe these changes should allow us to more effectively  manage our business and improve our financial operating results.
Key Factors Affecting Our Performance
Ability to Attract and Retain Hosts
Two  of our founders, Brian and Joe, were our first hosts, and hosts are the  foundation of our community. We are focused on continuing to grow and retain the number of hosts who choose to list their spaces and  experiences on our platform, which is critical to our long-term success.  We believe that we have the largest collection of unique listings  available for guests to book, based on our host surveys and our analysis of public information of listings available on  other platforms.
We  grow our GBV by attracting new hosts who add listings to our platform and by increasing the number of nights and experiences  that are available to book. As of December 31, 2019, we had  4.0 million hosts on our platform and 5.7 million active  listings, compared to 3.3 million hosts and 4.4 million active listings as of December 31, 2018 and  2.7 million hosts and 3.3 million active listings as of  December 31, 2017. This represents a 20% increase in hosts and 29%  increase in active listings in 2019 as compared to 2018 and a 23% increase in hosts and 32% increase in active  listings in 2018 as compared to 2017. From December 31, 2019  through September 30, 2020, active listings remained stable at  approximately 5.6 million despite the decline in booking activity on our platform due to the global
COVID-19
pandemic. We believe this stability in active listings highlights the  high retention of our host community and the resilience of our business model, which does not require us to make significant  investments in fixed assets and physical real estate.
In  particular, our platform unlocks the potential for individual hosts to share their unique spaces  and earn income in a way that was previously not possible and for guests  to visit places and book unique spaces that were difficult to access  before Airbnb. We have designed our platform to specifically serve individual hosts who list their spaces,  including private rooms, primary homes, or vacation homes on Airbnb. As  of December 31, 2019, 90% of our hosts were individual hosts, and  79% of those hosts had just a single listing. Additionally, as of December 31, 2019, 72% of our  nights booked were with individual hosts. For individual hosts who had  at least one listing in 2019, the average number of listings was 1.3. To  calculate these statistics, we count individual hosts as those who onboard and activate their spaces on  Airbnb directly through our List Your Space flow, which takes hosts  through the process of creating a listing.
We  attract new individual hosts predominantly through organic channels  such as word of mouth and our strong brand recognition. We focus on  describing the benefits of hosting to existing and potential
individual hosts and making onboarding of their listings as seamless as  possible. We enable individual hosts to increase bookings by empowering  them with information and tools to optimize their listings, including scheduling, merchandising, integrated payments,  community support, host protection programs, pricing recommendations,  and reviews.
We  also attract listings from professional hosts, including property  management companies, serviced apartment providers, and boutique hotels  that leverage our platform and tools to run their hospitality businesses.  These hosts expand the types of listings available to our guests. We  provide professional hosts with information and tools to optimize their  listings, including scheduling, merchandising, integrated payments, community support, host protection  programs, pricing recommendations, and reviews. We onboard these hosts  through application programming interfaces and third-party channel  managers.
We  attract new hosts to our platform every year and track their success on  Airbnb and the associated revenue that we earn from their hosting  activity on our platform. We define a host cohort as a group of hosts whose first  guest
check-in
occurs in a specific calendar year. We calculate the revenue associated with those hosts in Year 1 based on revenue recognized during the subsequent
one-year
period. We then calculate revenue associated with those hosts based on revenue generated in each subsequent
one-year
period to compare against Year 1. The table below displays the revenue retention  of each calendar year cohort and demonstrates our strong host revenue  retention.
Host Cohort Revenue Retention
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
2014 Cohort
2015 Cohort
2016 Cohort
2017 Cohort
2018 Cohort
Our  host retention has been consistent across cohorts. This loyal host  behavior strengthens our community. In 2019, 84% of our revenue resulted from stays with existing hosts who had  completed at least one guest check-in on or before December 31, 2018, up  from 82% in 2018. We track revenue from existing hosts based on revenue  before adjustments for incentives and refunds, as we do not track contra-revenue adjustments by host cohort.  We believe such revenue generated from stays is the best available  indicator of host retention. The size of each host cohort has also grown  every year, and our 2018 cohort was nearly four times larger than our 2014 cohort.
While active listings remained stable between December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020, host revenue retention will deteriorate across all host cohorts in 2020 due to the decline in revenue resulting from
COVID-19.
However, as the travel industry recovers, we believe the historic strength of our host revenue retention should return.
Ability to Attract and Retain Guests
Our  first-ever guests, Michael, Kat, and Amol, traveled to San Francisco  looking for a place to stay during a design conference in 2007. Today, guests
from almost every country in the world are welcomed by our  hosts. We have demonstrated an ability to continue to grow the number  of guests who are active on our platform; during 2019, we had  54 million active bookers, which represented 30% growth compared to 41 million active bookers in  2018, which represented 40% growth compared to 30 million active  bookers in 2017. During 2019, we also had 247 million guest  arrivals, which represented 33% growth compared to 185 million guest arrivals in 2018, which represented  43% growth compared to 129 million guest arrivals in 2017.
We  grow GBV by attracting new guests to book stays and experiences on our  platform and through past guests who return to our platform to make new bookings. We attract most  guests to Airbnb directly or through unpaid channels. During the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, approximately 91% of all traffic  to Airbnb came organically through direct or unpaid channels, reflecting the strength of our brand. We have  also used paid performance marketing, for example on search terms  including “Airbnb,” to attract guests. Our strategy is to increase brand  marketing and use the strength of our brand to attract more guests via direct or unpaid  channels and to decrease our performance marketing spend relative to  2019.
We attract  new guests to our platform every year and track their activity on  Airbnb and the associated revenue that we earn from their activity on  our platform. We define a guest cohort as a group of unique bookers  whose first
check-in
occurs in a  specific calendar year. We calculate the revenue associated with those  guests in Year 1 based on revenue recognized during the subsequent
one-year
period. We then calculate revenue associated with those guests based on revenue generated in each subsequent
one-year
period to compare against Year 1. The table below displays the revenue retention of each calendar year cohort and demonstrates our strong guest revenue retention.
Guest Cohort Revenue Retention
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
2014 Cohort
2015 Cohort
2016 Cohort
2017 Cohort
2018 Cohort
Because  travel purchases are not typically made with high frequency but instead  are often episodic, we see lower guest cohort revenue retention in year 2, compared to year 1. As guests return  to Airbnb and use our platform more often, their retention increases in  Year 3 and beyond. In addition, growth in our global network and  continued product innovation attracts guests back to Airbnb for travel. As a result, for each annual  guest cohort, revenue retention has increased every year following Year  2. We believe the guest revenue retention of our community is higher  than the customer retention of OTA distribution platforms in the United States, based on available  third-party credit card data.
As  a result of strong guest loyalty, we have a growing number of repeat guests on Airbnb. Guest revenue retention and  increasing repeat guests have grown due to our brand and community. As a  result, 69% of our revenue in 2019 was generated from stays in that  year by repeat guests, defined as guests with at least one prior booking, up from 66% in 2018. We track  revenue from guests based on revenue before adjustments for incentives  and refunds, as we do not track contra-revenue adjustments by guest  cohort. We believe such revenue generated from stays is the best available indicator of guest retention.
Guest revenue retention will deteriorate across all cohorts in 2020 due to the decline in travel from
COVID-19.
However, as the travel industry recovers, we believe the historic  strength of our guest revenue retention should return. Although we  suspended substantially all discretionary marketing program spend at the end of the first quarter of  2020 in response to the business impact of COVID-19, we have seen both  direct and unpaid traffic, as well as Gross Booking Value, meaningfully  rebound in the third quarter of 2020. We believe the strength of our brand and resilience of our guest  demand powered this rebound. Even during the first nine months of 2020,  we attracted over 14 million new active bookers to our platform.
Investments in Technology
We  are investing significant resources in our technology architecture and  infrastructure. These improvements enable our engineers to use the  latest tools and technologies to build new products and features. Beginning in  2019, we made significant investments to enhance the underlying  architecture and scalability of our platform by upgrading our systems  and moving to a new service-oriented architecture. Our continued improvement of our technology platform and  product experience is paramount to our user experience, driving our  ability to attract and retain hosts and guests, improve the rate of  booking for new and returning guests, and generate revenue. As such, we will continue to invest in our technology  platform.
Geographic Mix
Our  operations are global, and certain trends in our business, such as  Nights and Experiences Booked, Gross Booking Value, revenue, Gross  Booking Value per Night and Experience Booked, and Nights per Booking vary by  geography.
We  measure Nights and Experiences Booked by region based on the location of the listing. EMEA and North America represented our largest  regions by Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV, and revenue in 2019,  followed by Asia Pacific and Latin America.
As  a result of COVID-19, the geographic mix of Nights and Experiences Booked, GBV, and revenue during the first nine  months of 2020 reflected a shift toward North America, where we have  seen the strongest recovery. For the first nine months of 2020, Nights  and Experiences Booked were 56.4 million, or 38% of the total, in North America compared to  55.3 million, or 38%, in EMEA, 20.2 million, or 14%, in Asia  Pacific, and 15.0 million, or 10%, in Latin America. For the first  nine months of 2020, GBV was $9.7 billion, or 54% of the total, in North America compared to  $5.6 billion, or 31%, in EMEA, $1.6 billion, or 9%, in Asia  Pacific, and $1.1 billion, or 6%, in Latin America. Similarly, for  the first nine months of 2020, revenue was $1.3 billion, or 50% of the total, in North America compared to  $0.9 billion, or 34%, in EMEA, $0.2 billion, or 9%, in Asia  Pacific, and $0.1 billion, or 7%, in Latin America.
GBV  per Night and Experience Booked is highest in North America, followed  by EMEA, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. Length of stay, or the number of nights attributable  to a given booking, is highest in Latin America, followed by North  America, EMEA, and Asia Pacific, and we expect that our blended global  average nights per booking will fluctuate based on our geographic mix and changes in traveler behaviors.
Additionally,  we saw an increase in GBV per Night and Experience Booked in the first  nine months of 2020 compared to 2019, in part because our geographic mix has shifted to these higher  GBV per Night and Experience Booked regions. North America saw an  increase in GBV per Night and Experience Booked as larger entire homes  have been in greater demand. The average nights per booking also increased globally in the first nine months of  2020, reflecting demand for longer stays. Specifically, GBV per Night  and Experience Booked in the first nine months of 2020 was $172.97 for  North America compared to $100.80 for EMEA, $78.98 for Asia Pacific, and $71.00 for Latin America, with a  total global GBV per Night and Experience Booked of $122.47. Average  nights per booking, excluding experiences, for the first nine months of  2020 were 4.3 for both North America and EMEA, 2.9 for Asia Pacific, and 4.4 for Latin America, with a total  average of 4.0.
Seasonality
Our  business is seasonal, reflecting typical travel behavior patterns over  the course of the calendar year. In a typical year, the first, second,  and third quarters have higher Nights and Experiences Booked than the fourth  quarter, as guests plan for travel during the peak travel season, which  is in the third quarter for North America and EMEA. Our GBV and  Adjusted EBITDA can also be impacted by the timing of holidays and other events. For example, the Easter holiday  was celebrated on April 1, 2018 and bookings during the quarter  ended March 31, 2018 were favorably impacted by this timing  relative to the first quarters of 2017 and 2019 when Easter was celebrated in the second half of April, resulting  in more bookings in the second quarter. We experience seasonality in our  GBV that is consistent with the seasonality of Nights and Experiences  Booked. Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, highest in  the third quarter when we have the most
check-ins,
which is the point at which we recognize revenue. Seasonal trends in  our GBV impact Free Cash Flow for any given quarter. We track our TTM Adjusted EBITDA  (total dollars and as a percentage of revenue) to account for the  seasonality of our revenue, and TTM Free Cash Flow (total dollars and as  a percentage of revenue) to account for the timing difference in when we receive cash from service fees, which  is at the time of booking. TTM Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow  provide a view of our business that is not impacted by seasonality.
Our  costs are relatively fixed across quarters or vary in line with the  volume of transactions, and we historically achieve our highest GBV in  the first and second quarters of the year with comparatively lower
check-ins.
As a result, increases in unearned fees make our Free Cash Flow and  Free Cash Flow as a percentage of revenue the highest in the first two quarters of the year. We typically see a slight decline in GBV and a  peak in
check-ins
in the third quarter, which results in a decrease in unearned fees and lower sequential level of Free Cash Flow, and a greater decline in GBV in the fourth quarter, where Free Cash
Flow is typically negative. As our business matures, other seasonal  trends may develop, or these existing seasonal trends may become more  extreme.
The effect of seasonality, among other factors, on our quarterly key business metrics and
non-GAAP
financial measures in a typical year is illustrated by our results in 2019 as follows:
In 2020, we have seen
COVID-19
overwhelm the historical patterns of seasonality in our GBV, revenue,  Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow as a result of travel restrictions  and changing travel preferences relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect this impact on seasonality to continue as long as
COVID-19
is impacting travel patterns globally.
Regulations Permitting or Limiting Our Offerings
Regulations  that permit or limit our hosts’ ability to provide their listings  impact our growth and penetration in certain geographies. In particular, among other regulations governing our short-term rentals,  many large cities have placed night caps on short-term rentals of  certain types of properties, limited short-term rentals to primary  residences, or limited the length of a stay. A discussion of short-term rental regulations in our top 10 cities by  revenue in 2019 is included in the section titled “Business—Regulatory  Considerations in Our Largest Cities.” None of our top 10 cities  represented more than 2.5% of our revenue before adjustments for incentives and refunds or 1.5% of our  active listings during 2019 and the nine months ended September 30,  2020. An increase in short-term rental regulations could harm our  business and negatively impact our financial performance. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Laws,  regulations, and rules that affect the short-term rental and home  sharing business may limit the ability or willingness of hosts to share  their spaces over our platform and expose our hosts or us to significant penalties, which could have a  material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and  financial condition.”
Components of Results of Operations
Revenue
Our  revenue consists of service fees, net of incentives and refunds, charged to our customers.  We consider both hosts and guests to be our customers. For stays,  service fees, which are charged to customers as a percentage of the  value of the booking, excluding taxes, vary based on factors specific to the booking, such as booking value, the  duration of the booking, geography, and host type. For experiences, we  only earn a host fee. Substantially all of our revenue comes from stays  booked on our platform. Incentives include our referral programs and marketing promotions to encourage the  use of our platform and attract new customers, while our refunds to  customers are part of our customer support activities.
We experience a difference in timing between when a booking is made and when we recognize revenue, which occurs upon
check-in.
We record the service fees that we collect from customers prior to
check-in
on our balance sheet as unearned fees. Revenue is net of incentives and  refunds provided to customers totaling $138.0 million, $221.5 million,  $274.5 million, $209.7 million, and $347.2 million in  2017, 2018, 2019, and the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and  2020, respectively, representing 5%, 6%, 6%, 6%, and 14% of revenue, respectively. The elevated level of  incentives and refunds provided to customers during the nine months  ended September 30, 2020 is related to payments made to support hosts  impacted by increased guest cancellations and COVID-19 related guest cancellation coupons.
Cost of Revenue
Cost  of revenue includes payment processing costs, including merchant fees  and chargebacks, costs associated with third-party data centers used to host our platform, and amortization of internally developed software and  acquired technology. Because we act as the merchant of record, we incur  all payment processing costs associated with our bookings, and we have  chargebacks, which arise from account takeovers and other fraudulent activities. We expect our cost of  revenue will continue to increase on an absolute dollar basis for the  foreseeable future to the extent that we continue to see growth on our  platform. Cost of revenue may vary as a percentage of revenue from year to year based on activity on our  platform and may also vary from quarter to quarter as a percentage of  revenue based on the seasonality of our business and the difference in  the timing of when bookings are made and when we recognize revenue.
Operations and Support
Operations  and support expense primarily consists of personnel-related expenses  and third-party service provider fees associated with community support provided via phone, email, and chat to hosts and guests;  customer relations costs, which include refunds and credits related to  customer satisfaction and expenses associated with our host protection  programs; and allocated costs for facilities and information technology. We expect that operations and  support expense will continue to increase on an absolute dollar basis  for the foreseeable future to the extent that we continue to see growth  on our platform. We also expect operations and support to increase in the near-term as a percentage of  revenue, as we continue to invest in trust and safety programs. We are  also investing in the near-term in initiatives to reduce customer  contact rates and improve the operational efficiency of our operations and support organization, which we expect  will decrease operations and support expense as a percentage of revenue  over the longer term. We anticipate additional operations and support  expense during the year in which we complete our initial public offering as a result of the stock-based  compensation expense associated with our RSUs as described in the  subsection titled “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates —  Stock-Based Compensation — Restricted Stock Units,” as well as additional stock-based compensation  expense going forward.
Product Development
Product  development expense primarily consists of personnel-related expenses  and third-party service provider fees incurred in connection with the development of our platform, and allocated costs for facilities and  information technology. We expect that our product development expense  will increase on an absolute dollar basis and will vary from period to  period as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in product development  activities relating to ongoing improvements to and maintenance of our  technology platform and other programs, including the hiring of  personnel to support these efforts. In addition, we anticipate additional product development expense during  the year in which we complete our initial public offering as a result of  the stock-based compensation expense associated with our RSUs as  described in the subsection titled “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Stock-Based Compensation  — Restricted Stock Units,” as well as additional stock-based  compensation expense going forward.
Sales and Marketing
Sales  and marketing expense primarily consists of brand and performance marketing,  personnel-related expenses, including those related to our field  operations, policy and communications, portions of referral incentives  and coupons, and allocated costs for facilities and information technology.
We  expect our sales and marketing expense will vary from period to period  as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future, and over the long term, we expect it will  decline as a percentage of revenue relative to 2019. We anticipate  additional sales and marketing expense during the year in which we  complete our initial public offering as a result of the stock-based compensation expense associated with our RSUs as  described in the subsection titled “— Critical Accounting Policies and  Estimates — Stock-Based Compensation — Restricted Stock Units,” as well  as additional stock-based compensation expense going forward.
General and Administrative
General  and administrative expense primarily consists of personnel-related  expenses for management and administrative functions, including finance  and accounting, legal, and human resources. General and administrative  expense also includes certain professional services fees, general  corporate and director and officer insurance, allocated costs for  facilities and information technology, indirect taxes, including lodging tax reserves for which we may be held jointly  liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes, and bad debt  expense. We expect to incur additional general and administrative  expense as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses to comply with the rules and  regulations of the SEC and Listing Rules of Nasdaq, as well as higher  expenses for corporate insurance, director and officer insurance,  investor relations, and professional services. Overall, we expect our general and administrative expense will vary from  period to period as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future.  We anticipate additional general and administrative expense during the  year in which we complete our initial public offering as a result of the stock-based compensation  expense associated with our RSUs as described in the subsection titled  “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Stock-Based Compensation  — Restricted Stock Units,” as well as additional stock-based compensation expense  going forward.
Restructuring Charges
Restructuring  charges primarily consist of costs associated with a global workforce  reduction in May 2020, lease impairments, and costs associated with amendments and terminations of contracts, including commercial  agreements with service providers.
Interest Income
Interest  income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash, cash  equivalents, marketable securities, and amounts held on behalf of  customers.
Interest Expense
Interest  expense consists primarily of expense related to financing lease  obligations in 2017 and 2018 before the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases (“ASC 842”), interest associated with various  indirect tax reserves, amortization of debt issuance costs associated  with our $1.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving Credit and  Guarantee Agreement (the “Credit Facility”), as well as interest expense and amortization of debt  issuance costs associated with our term loan agreements entered into in  April 2020.
Other Income (Expense), Net
Other  income (expense), net consists primarily of realized and unrealized  gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and balances, the  change in fair value of investments and financial instruments, including the  warrants issued in connection with a term loan agreement entered into in  April 2020, and our share of income or loss from our equity method  investments.
Our  platform generally enables guests to make payments in the currency of  their choice to the extent that the currency is supported by Airbnb,  which may not match the currency in which the host elects to be paid. As a  result, in those cases, we bear the currency risk of both the guest  payment as well as the host payment due to timing differences in such  payments. In 2019, we began entering into derivative contracts to offset a portion of our exposure to the impact  of movements in currency exchange rates on our transactional balances  denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The effects of  these derivative contracts are reflected in other income (expense), net.
Provision for Income Taxes
We  are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign  jurisdictions in which we do business. Foreign jurisdictions have  different statutory tax rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our  foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States. Accordingly,  our effective tax rate is subject to significant variation due to  several factors, including variability in our
pre-tax
and taxable  income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate,  intercompany transactions, changes in how we do business, acquisitions,  investments, tax audit developments, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation,  foreign currency gains and losses, changes in statutes, regulations,  case law, and administrative practices, principles, and interpretations  related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting  rules in various jurisdictions, and relative changes of expenses or  losses for which tax benefits are not recognized. Additionally, our  effective tax rate can vary based on the amount of
pre-tax
income or loss. For example, the impact of discrete items and
non-deductible
expenses on our effective tax rate is greater when our
pre-tax
income is lower.
We  have a valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets, including  federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and intangible assets. We expect  to maintain these valuation allowances until it becomes more likely than  not that the benefit of our deferred tax assets will be realized by way  of expected future taxable income in the United States and Ireland. We recognize accrued interest  and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for  income taxes.
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019, we had net operating loss  carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of $15.9 million and $116.7 million, respectively. These federal net operating loss  carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2034. As of  December 31, 2018 and 2019, we had net operating loss carryforwards  for state income tax purposes of $136.3 million and $167.6 million, respectively. These state  net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning  in 2033.
In  the event that we experience an ownership change within the meaning of  Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, our ability to utilize  net operating losses, tax credits, and other tax attributes may be
limited. The most recent analysis of our historical ownership changes  was completed through December 31, 2019. Based on the analysis, we  do not anticipate a permanent limitation on the existing tax attributes under Section 382, although subsequent  changes in our ownership structure as a result of this offering or  otherwise may create such a limitation.
We  are currently under examination for income taxes by the Internal  Revenue Service (“IRS”) for the years 2013 and 2016. We are continuing to respond to inquiries related to these examinations. While we have not  yet received a Revenue Agent’s Report generally issued at the  conclusion of an IRS examination, in September 2020, we received a Draft  Notice of Proposed Adjustment from the IRS for the 2013 tax year relating to the valuation of our  international intellectual property which was sold to a subsidiary in  2013. The notice proposes an increase to our U.S. taxable income that  could result in additional income tax expense and cash tax liability of $1.35 billion, plus penalties and  interest, which exceeds our current reserve recorded in our consolidated  financial statements by more than $1.0 billion. A formal Notice of  Proposed Adjustment is expected from the IRS by the end of 2020. Following formal receipt of the Revenue  Agent’s adjustment which is anticipated late in the fourth quarter of  2020, we intend to vigorously contest the IRS’s proposed adjustment,  including through all administrative and, if necessary, judicial remedies which may include:  entering into administrative settlement discussions with the IRS  Independent Office of Appeals (“IRS Appeals”) in 2021, and if necessary  petitioning the U.S. Tax Court (“Tax Court”) for redetermination if an acceptable outcome cannot be  reached with IRS Appeals, and finally, and if necessary, appealing the  Tax Court’s decision to the appropriate appellate court. If the IRS  prevails in the assessment of additional tax due based on its position and such tax and related  interest and penalties, if any, exceeds our current reserves, such  outcome could have a material adverse impact on our financial position  and results of operations, and any assessment of additional tax could require a significant cash payment  and have a material adverse impact on our cash flow.
Results of Operations
The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Revenue
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
647,690
864,032
1,196,313
902,695
666,295
Operations and support
395,739
609,202
815,074
600,788
548,369
Product development
400,749
579,193
976,695
693,796
690,677
Sales and marketing
871,749
1,101,327
1,621,519
1,184,506
545,510
General and administrative
327,156
479,487
697,181
490,262
421,082
Restructuring charges
136,969
Total costs and expenses
2,643,083
3,633,241
5,306,782
3,872,047
3,008,902
Income (loss) from operations
(81,362
18,744
(501,543
(173,604
(489,967
Interest income
32,102
66,793
85,902
68,661
23,830
Interest expense
(16,403
(26,143
(9,968
(6,801
(107,548
Other income (expense), net
6,564
(12,361
13,906
42,130
(115,751
Income (loss) before income taxes
(59,099
47,033
(411,703
(69,614
(689,436
Provision for income taxes
10,947
63,893
262,636
253,187
7,429
Net loss
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801)
(696,865)
Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Operations and support
1,841
1,968
2,869
Product development
20,309
33,895
56,632
44,991
64,088
Sales and marketing
5,997
12,465
23,919
17,074
11,979
General and administrative
10,210
5,565
16,179
9,962
31,689
Restructuring charges
(1,849
Total stock-based compensation expense
38,357
53,893
97,547
72,310
108,776
The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
Revenue
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
Operations and support
Product development
Sales and marketing
General and administrative
Restructuring charges
Total costs and expenses
Income (loss) from operations
Interest income
Interest expense
Other income (expense), net
Income (loss) before income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net loss
Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2019 and 2020
Revenue
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Revenue
3,698,443
2,518,935
Revenue  decreased $1.2 billion, or 32%, for the nine months ended September 30,  2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019, primarily due to a 42% decrease in the number  of check-ins related to Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform  due to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by a 4% increase in GBV  per Night and Experience Booked. Service fees as a percentage of booking value, exclusive of taxes,  remained relatively flat compared to the same prior year period. Also,  contributing to the change was a $137.5 million increase in the  reduction to revenue recorded primarily due to payments to hosts and coupons issued to guests resulting from elevated  cancellations related to COVID-19. On a constant currency basis, revenue  decreased 32% compared to the nine months ended September 30,  2019.
Cost of Revenue
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Cost of revenue
902,695
666,295
Percentage of revenue
Cost  of revenue decreased $236.4 million, or 26%, for the nine months  ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The decrease  was primarily due to a $185.6 million reduction in payment  processing costs, consisting of merchant fees and chargebacks, and a  $63.5 million decrease in the cost of data hosting services, partially offset by a $12.7 million increase  in amortization expense for internally developed software and acquired  technology. For the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020,  payment processing costs totaled $640.3 million and $454.7 million, respectively, which  represented 2% and 3% of GBV, respectively. The decrease in payment  processing costs resulted from the decreased dollar value of payments  processed through our platform associated with the reduction in GBV, while decreases in data hosting resulted from  better contract management and utilization of our third-party cloud  services.
Operations and Support
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Operations and support
600,788
548,369
Percentage of revenue
Operations  and support expense decreased $52.4 million, or 9%, for the nine  months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The decrease  was primarily due to a $40.8 million decrease in customer relations  costs and a $37.6 million decrease in spending on third-party community  support personnel, partially offset by a $23.8 million increase in insurance-related costs. The  decrease in spending on third-party community support personnel and  customer relations costs was largely the result of the reduction in GBV  and associated check-ins in the period.
Product Development
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Product development
693,796
690,677
Percentage of revenue
Product  development expense decreased $3.1 million, or less than 1%, for  the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended  September 30, 2019. The decrease was primarily due to an  $11.7 million decrease in allocated costs for facilities and  information technology, an $11.5 million
decrease in spend for consultants and service providers, and a  $10.4 million decrease in travel-related expenses, partially offset  by a $35.4 million increase in personnel-related expenses to support our underlying architecture and scalability of our  platform by upgrading our systems and moving to a new service-oriented  architecture.
Sales and Marketing
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Brand and performance marketing
842,241
294,753
Field operations and policy
342,265
250,757
Total sales and marketing
1,184,506
545,510
Percentage of revenue
Sales  and marketing expense decreased $639.0 million, or 54%, for the  nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The decrease  was primarily due to a $530.3 million decrease in marketing spend, a  $44.1 million decrease in expense related to coupons issued to  customers, a $30.5 million decrease in expenses for third-party service providers, an  $18.2 million decrease in travel and entertainment-related  expenses, and a $17.1 million decrease in personnel-related  expenses. The overall decrease in sales and marketing expense described above was driven by our response to COVID-19, which included  suspending substantially all discretionary marketing program spend  starting late in the first quarter of 2020.
General and Administrative
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
General and administrative
490,262
421,082
Percentage of revenue
General  and administrative expense decreased $69.2 million, or 14%, for  the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended  September 30, 2019. The decrease was primarily due to a  $100.1 million decrease in lodging and business tax expense and a  $40.9 million decrease in spend for consultants and service providers, partially offset by a $37.9 million increase in  bad debt expense largely driven by the impact of COVID-19, a  $26.1 million increase in allocated costs for facilities and  information technology, and a $20.4 million increase in payroll-related expenses resulting from an increase in  headcount. The decrease in lodging and business tax expense resulted  largely from a $81.7 million reduction in our reserve for lodging  taxes in jurisdictions in which management no longer believed a liability was probable following a favorable  outcome in a related legal proceeding.
Restructuring Charges
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Restructuring charges
136,969
Percentage of revenue
Not meaningful
Restructuring  charges totaled $137.0 million for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020. In May 2020, we announced a reduction in force  of approximately 25% of employees, and the resulting restructuring charges  primarily included severance and other employee-related costs, lease  impairments, and contract amendments and terminations.
Interest Income and Expense
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Interest income
68,661
23,830
Percentage of revenue
Interest expense
(6,801
(107,548
Percentage of revenue
Not meaningful
Interest  income decreased $44.8 million, or 65%, for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The decrease was primarily due to lower average  interest rates. Interest expense increased $100.7 million for the  nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months  ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily related to the interest expense associated with  the $2.0 billion in term loans we entered into in April 2020.
Other Income (Expense), Net
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Other income (expense), net
42,130
(115,751
(375
Percentage of revenue
Other  expense, net was $115.8 million for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020 compared to other income, net of $42.1 million for the nine months ended September  30, 2019. The change was primarily driven by $82.1 million of  impairment charges related to non-marketable equity investments in  privately-held companies, $42.8 million of net realized and unrealized losses on our investments, and a $41.2  million loss on the fair value remeasurement of our warrants issued in  connection with our second lien loan. In
addition, a $24.6 million gain related to an equity method  investment that was acquired by a third party was recorded during the  nine months ended September 30, 2019. Partially offsetting these items was an increase of $28.9 million in net  realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains.
Provision for Income Taxes
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2019
2020
2019 to 2020 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Provision for income taxes
253,187
7,429
The  provision for income taxes decreased $245.8 million, or 97%, for  the nine months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The  decrease was primarily due to a remeasurement of uncertain tax positions  relating to the valuation of our international intellectual property  that was previously sold to a subsidiary during the nine months ended September 30, 2019. See  Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere  in this prospectus for further details.
Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019
Revenue
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Revenue
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
2019 Compared to 2018
. Revenue increased $1.2 billion, or 32%, in 2019 compared to 2018, almost entirely due to a 33% increase in the number of
check-ins
related to Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform. GBV per Night  and Experience Booked and service fees as a percentage of booking  value, exclusive of taxes, remained relatively flat compared to the prior year. On a  constant currency basis, revenue increased 35% compared to 2018.
2018 Compared to 2017
. Revenue increased $1.1 billion, or 43%, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to a 42% increase in the number of
check-ins
related to Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform, and to a lesser extent, a 4% increase in GBV per Night and Experience  Booked. Service fees as a percentage of booking value, exclusive of  taxes, remained relatively flat compared to the prior year. On a  constant currency basis, revenue increased 41% compared to 2017.
Cost of Revenue
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Cost of revenue
$            647,690
$            864,032
$            1,196,313
Percentage of revenue
2019 Compared to 2018
.  Cost of revenue increased $332.3 million, or 38%, in 2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a  $193.0 million increase in payment processing costs, consisting of  merchant fees and chargebacks, a $90.2 million increase in the cost  of data hosting services, and a $29.4 million increase in spend with other third-party service providers and  technologies to support our platform. In 2019 and 2018, payment  processing costs totaled $837.0 million and $644.0 million,  respectively, which represented 2% of GBV for both periods. The increase in payment processing costs resulted from the  increased dollar value of payments processed through our platform  associated with the growth in GBV, while increases in data hosting and  third-party service providers resulted from the associated growth in traffic on our platform. A portion of our  increase in data hosting services was related to costs associated with  our migration to a service-oriented architecture.
2018 Compared to 2017
.  Cost of revenue increased $216.3 million, or 33%, in 2018 compared  to 2017. The increase was primarily due to a $140.5 million increase in payment processing costs, a  $64.4 million increase in the cost of data hosting services, and a  $10.6 million increase in spend with other third-party service  providers and technologies to support our platform. In 2018 and 2017, payment processing costs totaled  $644.0 million and $503.5 million, which represented 2% of GBV  for both periods. The increase in payment processing costs resulted  from the increased dollar value of payments processed through our platform associated with the growth in GBV, while  increases in data hosting and third-party service provider costs  resulted from the associated growth in traffic on our platform.
Operations and Support
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Operations and support
$            395,739
$            609,202
$            815,074
Percentage of revenue
2019 Compared to 2018
.  Operations and support expense increased $205.9 million, or 34%,  in 2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $125.8 million  increase in spending on third-party community support personnel, a  $33.0 million increase in customer relations costs, a  $21.7 million increase in personnel-related expenses, and a $15.9 million increase in allocated costs for facilities and  information technology, which are allocated based on headcount. The  increase in spending on third-party community support personnel and  customer relations costs was largely the result of growth in GBV and associated
check-ins
in the period.
2018 Compared to 2017
.  Operations and support expense increased $213.5 million, or 54%, in 2018  compared to 2017. The increase was primarily due to a  $119.2 million increase in spending on third-party community  support personnel, a $49.9 million increase in customer relations costs, a $20.0 million increase in personnel-related  expenses, and an $11.6 million increase in allocated costs for  facilities and information technology. The increase in spending on  third-party community support personnel and customer relations costs was largely the result of growth in GBV and  associated
check-ins
in the period.
Product Development
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Product development
$            400,749
$            579,193
$            976,695
Percentage of revenue
2019 Compared to 2018
.  Product development expense increased $397.5 million, or 69%, in 2019  compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $271.7 million increase in  personnel-related expenses driven by an increase in product development  headcount as we invested in existing offerings, new initiatives,  including our China offering, Airbnb Experiences, Airbnb Plus, hotels, and Airbnb Luxe, and platform enhancements, a  $58.1 million increase in allocated costs for facilities and  information technology, a $26.1 million increase in spend for  consultants and service providers, and a $23.0 million increase in spend for software, maintenance, and  equipment. The growth in employee headcount supported our efforts to  enhance the underlying architecture and scalability of our platform by  upgrading our systems and moving to a new service-oriented architecture.
2018 Compared to 2017
.  Product development expense increased $178.4 million, or 45%, in  2018 compared to 2017. The increase was primarily due to a $134.6 million  increase in personnel-related expenses driven by an increase in product  development headcount as we invested in new offerings and our technology  infrastructure, a $25.9 million increase in allocated costs for facilities and information technology,  and a $12.8 million increase in software, maintenance and  equipment. The growth in employee headcount in engineering, design,  product management, and other technical functions supported our efforts to continue development of our platform,  new offerings, and improvements to existing offerings.
Sales and Marketing
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Brand and performance marketing
584,303
666,455
1,140,366
Field operations and policy
287,446
434,872
481,153
Total sales and marketing
871,749
1,101,327
1,621,519
Percentage of revenue
2019 Compared to 2018
.  Sales and marketing expense increased $520.2 million, or 47%, in  2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $358.8 million increase  in marketing activities, a $77.8 million increase in  personnel-related expenses, a $49.2 million increase in expenses  for third-party service providers, and a $15.4 million increase in allocated costs for facilities and  information technology. Total brand and performance marketing increased  $473.9 million, of which $314.2 million was related to  performance marketing, and $159.7 million was related to brand marketing. These increases were primarily due to  our efforts to optimize our performance marketing bidding and to support  the expansion of our China offering, Airbnb Experiences, Airbnb Plus,  hotels, and Airbnb Luxe. In 2020, we reduced our investments in these initiatives as well as reduced our  overall performance marketing spend.
2018 Compared to 2017
.  Sales and marketing expense increased $229.6 million, or 26%, in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was primarily due to a  $154.6 million increase in marketing activities, a  $47.6 million increase in personnel-related expenses, and an  $18.2 million increase in expenses for third-party service providers. Total brand and performance marketing increased  $82.2 million driven by increased costs related to performance  marketing bidding and search engine marketing for key terms.
General and Administrative
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
General and administrative
$            327,156
$            479,487
$            697,181
Percentage of revenue
2019 Compared to 2018
.  General and administrative expense increased $217.7 million, or  45%, in 2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a  $116.4 million increase in payroll-related expenses resulting from  an increase in headcount as we prepared to become a public company, a  $29.9 million increase in lease expense related to our
build-to-suit
leases due to the adoption of ASC 842 in 2019 whereby lease expense is  reported as a component of costs and expenses rather than interest  expense, a $28.0 million increase in bad debt expense, and a net  $17.5 million increase in lodging and business tax expense.
2018 Compared to 2017
. General and administrative expense increased  $152.3 million, or 47%, in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was  primarily due to a $44.7 million increase in professional and  consulting fees, a $32.2 million increase in reserves for withholding tax liabilities, a $26.3 million increase  in legal settlements, a $23.4 million increase in personnel-related  expenses resulting from increased headcount, and an $18.2 million  increase in bad debt expense.
Interest Income and Expense
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Interest income
32,102
66,793
85,902
Percentage of revenue
Interest expense
(16,403
(26,143
(9,968
Percentage of revenue
2019 Compared to 2018.
Interest  income increased $19.1 million, or 29%, in 2019 compared to 2018.  The increase was primarily due to higher invested balances and average  interest rates. Interest expense decreased $16.2 million, or 62%,  in 2019 compared to 2018. The decrease was primarily due to the adoption  of ASC 842 in 2019 whereby a component of lease expense for
build-to-suit
leases was no longer recorded in interest expense, but rather, as a  component of general and administrative expense. In 2018, we recorded $13.5 million of lease expense related to certain
build-to-suit
leases within interest expense.
2018 Compared to 2017.
Interest  income increased $34.7 million, or 108%, in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was primarily due to higher invested  balances and interest rates. Interest expense increased  $9.7 million, or 59%, in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was  primarily due to interest associated with various indirect tax reserves and certain financing lease obligations.
Other Income (Expense), Net
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Other income (expense), net
6,564
(12,361
13,906
Percentage of revenue
Not meaningful
2019 Compared to 2018.
Other  income, net was $13.9 million in 2019 compared to other expense,  net of $12.4 million in 2018. The change was primarily driven by $28.3 million of net realized and  unrealized gains on our investments and other income and expense,  including our share of income or loss from our equity method  investments, as well as a $24.6 million gain related to an equity method investment that was acquired by a third party in 2019.  Partially offsetting these amounts were impairment charges of  $27.8 million recorded during 2019.
2018 Compared to 2017
.  Other expense, net was $12.4 million in 2018 compared to other  income, net of $6.6 million in 2017. During 2018, other expense, net primarily consisted of foreign currency  exchange losses largely related to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar.  During 2017, other income, net primarily consisted of foreign currency  gains largely related to the weakening of the U.S. dollar.
Provision for Income Taxes
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
2017 to 2018 %
Change
2018 to 2019 %
Change
(in thousands, except percentages)
Provision for income taxes
$            10,947
$            63,893
$            262,636
Effective tax rate
2019 Compared to 2018.
The  provision for income taxes increased $198.7 million, or 311%, in  2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a remeasurement of uncertain  tax positions relating to the valuation of our international  intellectual property that was previously sold to a subsidiary. See Note  14 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for further details.
2018 Compared to 2017.
The  provision for income taxes increased $52.9 million, or 484%, in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was  primarily due to increased income taxes for our international  subsidiaries.
Quarterly Results of Operations
The  following table sets forth our unaudited quarterly consolidated results  of operations for each of the quarterly periods for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September 30,  2020. These unaudited quarterly results of operations have been prepared  on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements  included elsewhere in this prospectus. In the opinion of management, the financial information set forth in the  table below reflects all normal recurring adjustments necessary for the  fair statement of results of operations for these periods. Our  historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future, and the  results of a particular quarter or other interim period are not  necessarily indicative of the results for a full year. You should read  the following unaudited quarterly consolidated results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated  financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this  prospectus.
Quarterly Consolidated Statements of Operations
Three Months Ended
Mar 31,
2018
Jun 30,
2018
Sept 30,
2018
Dec 31,
2018
Mar 31,
2019
Jun 30,
2019
Sept 30,
2019
Dec 31,
2019
Mar 31,
2020
Jun 30,
2020
Sept 30,
2020
(in thousands)
Revenue
642,840
903,431
1,265,127
840,587
839,004
1,213,678
1,645,761
1,106,796
841,830
334,774
1,342,331
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
202,845
218,252
227,283
215,652
280,568
313,460
308,667
293,618
277,772
161,198
227,325
Operations and support
127,789
153,877
170,037
157,499
166,755
210,569
223,464
214,286
221,787
160,476
166,106
Product development
122,893
154,397
141,978
159,925
185,101
232,327
276,368
282,899
258,819
217,938
213,920
Sales and marketing
231,977
263,860
306,374
299,116
366,546
388,246
429,714
437,013
317,179
114,837
113,494
General and administrative
92,809
101,680
98,177
186,821
146,013
169,231
175,018
206,919
91,762
149,299
180,021
Restructuring charges
114,241
22,728
Total costs and expenses
778,313
892,066
943,849
1,019,013
1,144,983
1,313,833
1,413,231
1,434,735
1,167,319
917,989
923,594
Income (loss) from operations
(135,473
11,365
321,278
(178,426
(305,979
(100,155
232,530
(327,939
(325,489
(583,215
418,737
Interest income
10,013
16,029
19,711
21,040
22,304
24,367
21,990
17,241
13,649
5,856
4,325
Interest expense
(5,083
(5,653
(4,948
(10,459
(1,818
(2,450
(2,533
(3,167
1,510
(49,191
(59,867
Other income (expense), net
(1,651
(5,724
(5,152
6,531
6,284
29,315
(28,224
(46,760
(12,848
(56,143
Income (loss) before income taxes
(132,194
21,907
330,317
(172,997
(278,962
(71,954
281,302
(342,089
(357,090
(639,398
307,052
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
14,036
11,693
(7,579
45,743
13,065
225,470
14,652
9,449
(16,485
(63,810
87,724
Net income (loss)
(146,230
10,214
337,896
(218,740
(292,027
(297,424
266,650
(351,538
(340,605
(575,588
219,328
Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
Three Months Ended
Mar 31,
2018
Jun 30,
2018
Sept 30,
2018
Dec 31,
2018
Mar 31,
2019
Jun 30,
2019
Sept 30,
2019
Dec 31,
2019
Mar 31,
2020
Jun 30,
2020
Sept 30,
2020
(in thousands)
Operations and support
1,084
1,065
Product development
9,934
7,894
7,927
8,140
6,711
7,995
30,285
11,641
22,436
20,716
20,936
Sales and marketing
2,958
3,085
3,059
3,363
4,793
6,197
6,084
6,845
6,048
4,387
1,544
General and administrative
(1,548
2,357
2,385
2,371
2,528
3,733
3,701
6,217
12,193
13,608
5,888
Restructuring charges
(1,776
Total stock-based compensation expense
12,428
13,361
13,400
14,704
14,063
18,049
40,198
25,237
41,626
37,790
29,360
Quarterly Consolidated Statements of Operations, as a Percentage of Revenue
Three Months Ended
Mar 31,
2018
Jun 30,
2018
Sept 30,
2018
Dec 31,
2018
Mar 31,
2019
Jun 30,
2019
Sept 30,
2019
Dec 31,
2019
Mar 31,
2020
Jun 30,
2020
Sept 30,
2020
Revenue
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
Operations and support
Product development
Sales and marketing
General and administrative
Restructuring charges
Total costs and expenses
Income (loss) from operations
(174
Interest income
Interest expense
Other income (expense), net
Income (loss) before income taxes
(191
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
Net income (loss)
(172
Quarterly Trends
Revenue
Revenue in each of the quarters in 2019 was higher than revenue in the same quarter of the prior year primarily from an increase in the number of
check-ins
related to Nights and Experiences Booked on our platform. However, as revenue is recorded upon
check-in,
revenue is impacted significantly by seasonality. Revenue is typically  lowest in the first quarter as guests plan for travel later in the year,  and revenue is highest in the third quarter, or when we have the most
check-ins,
as the third quarter is the peak travel season for North America and  EMEA. Revenue in the second quarter of 2020 significantly decreased as  COVID-19 disrupted travel across the world and resulted in materially higher cancellations  and fewer bookings. Revenue in the third quarter of 2020 improved as  domestic travel rebounded, but was below revenue for the same period in  2019.
Cost of Revenue
On  a quarterly basis, cost of revenue generally increased in 2019 compared to the  corresponding quarterly periods of 2018 primarily due to the growth in  GBV resulting in higher payment processing costs, with a slight seasonal  decrease in the first and fourth quarters. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue for each quarter of  2019 remained relatively consistent when compared to the same quarter  of the prior year. Cost of revenue decreased in each quarter of 2020  compared to the same period in 2019 as a result of a
decline in payment processing costs driven by fewer transactions on our  platform due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a percentage of revenue, cost  of revenue in the second quarter of 2020 increased from the second quarter of 2019 primarily because costs represented a  greater proportion of lower revenue recorded in the period due to the  COVID-19 pandemic. In the third quarter of 2020, cost of revenue as a  percentage of revenue was 17% compared to 19% in the third quarter of 2019 reflecting lower payment processing  fees and a decrease in data center hosting costs.
Operations and Support
On  a quarterly basis, operations and support expense generally increased  in 2019 compared to the corresponding quarterly periods of 2018 primarily due to the growth in our business as we provided  support to new products and markets, as well as enhanced the support  experience for our hosts and guests, with a slight seasonal decrease in  the first quarter. Operations and support as a percentage of revenue for each quarter of 2019 remained relatively  consistent when compared to the same quarter of the prior year.  Operations and support expense decreased in the second and third  quarters of 2020 compared to the same periods in 2019 primarily due to a reduction in personnel-related expenses and  third-party service provider fees associated with community support and  lower costs resulting from fewer transactions on our platform due to the  COVID-19 pandemic. As a percentage of revenue, operations and support expense in the first and second  quarters of 2020 increased relative to the corresponding periods in 2019  primarily because many of our costs are relatively fixed across  quarters, and for the second quarter of 2020, represented a greater proportion of lower revenue recorded in the period  due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the third quarter of 2020, operations  and support expense represented 12% of revenue compared to 14% in the  third quarter of 2019 reflecting cost reductions implemented in the second quarter of 2020.
Product Development
On  a quarterly basis, product development expense generally increased in  2019 compared to the corresponding quarterly periods of 2018 primarily  as a result of higher headcount to migrate our technical stack to a  service-oriented architecture, improve our platform performance, and  support new product initiatives. Product development expense as a  percentage of revenue on a quarterly basis trended higher in 2019 compared to the same quarters from the prior year due to  the increased personnel-related costs. Product development expense  decreased in the second and third quarters of 2020 compared to the same  periods in 2019 primarily due to a reduction in personnel-related expenses. As a percentage of revenue,  product development expense in the first and second quarters of 2020  increased relative to the corresponding periods in the prior year  primarily because many of our costs are relatively fixed across quarters, and for the second quarter,  represented a greater proportion of lower revenue recorded in the period  due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the third quarter of 2020, product  development expense represented 16% of revenue compared to 17% in the third quarter of 2019 reflecting cost reductions  implemented in the second quarter of 2020.
Sales and Marketing
On  a quarterly basis, sales and marketing expense generally increased in  2019 compared to the corresponding quarterly periods of 2018 due to higher performance and brand marketing spend. Sales and marketing  expense as a percentage of revenue on a quarterly basis trended higher  in 2019 compared to the same quarters from the prior year due to  increased marketing costs and varied on a quarterly basis depending on the season and timing of initiatives. Sales  and marketing expense decreased significantly in
the second and third quarters of 2020 as we suspended substantially all  performance marketing efforts in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a  percentage of revenue, sales and marketing expense decreased in the first quarter of 2020 compared to the first quarter of  2019 due to lower marketing expenses, while sales and marketing expense  as a percentage of revenue in the second quarter of 2020 increased from  32% in the second quarter of 2019 to 34% as fixed costs represented a greater proportion of lower revenue  recorded in the period due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the third  quarter of 2020, sales and marketing expense represented 9% of revenue  compared to 26% in the third quarter of 2019 reflecting reduced spending on performance marketing and cost  reductions implemented in the second quarter of 2020.
General and Administrative
On  a quarterly basis, general and administrative expense increased for all  quarters in 2019 compared to the corresponding quarterly periods of 2018 and fluctuated throughout 2018, primarily due  to increases in personnel-related costs and other professional services.  General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue varied  on a quarterly basis with the fourth quarter of 2018 being higher primarily as a result of costs  associated with legal settlements and certain tax reserves. General and  administrative expense decreased in the first quarter of 2020 and as a  percentage of revenue compared to the first quarter of 2019 primarily due to a reduction in our reserve for  lodging taxes in jurisdictions in which management no longer believed a  liability was probable following favorable outcomes in a related legal  proceeding. General and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue increased in the  second quarter of 2020 compared to the second quarter of 2019 because  many of our costs are relatively fixed across quarters, and represented a  greater proportion of lower revenue recorded in the period due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the third  quarter of 2020, general and administrative expense represented 13% of  revenue compared to 10% in the third quarter of 2019 reflecting  relatively fixed costs across quarters and an increase in reserves for withholding tax liabilities.
Restructuring Charges
Restructuring  charges were recorded beginning in the second quarter of 2020 in  connection with cost reduction actions created in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, restructuring charges included those  associated with a global workforce reduction in May 2020, lease  impairments, and costs associated with amendments and terminations of  contracts, including commercial agreements with service providers.
Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes
On  a quarterly basis, provision for income taxes has remained relatively  consistent as a percentage of revenue in 2018 and 2019, with the  exception of the second quarter of 2019 during which a reserve was remeasured for  uncertain tax positions relating to the valuation of our international  intellectual property that was previously sold to a subsidiary. In the  third quarter of 2020, we approved a restructuring plan to repatriate our intellectual property to the United  States resulting in a reversal of tax benefits accrued in the first two  quarters of 2020 (see Note 14 to our consolidated financial  statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information).
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures
Three Months Ended
Mar 31,
2018
Jun 30,
2018
Sept 30,
2018
Dec 31,
2018
Mar 31,
2019
Jun 30,
2019
Sept 30,
2019
Dec 31,
2019
Mar 31,
2020
Jun 30,
2020
Sept 30,
2020
(in thousands)
Net income (loss)
(146,230
10,214
337,896
(218,740
(292,027
(297,424
266,650
(351,538
(340,605
(575,588
219,328
Adjusted EBITDA
(95,083
49,457
360,005
(143,754
(247,865
(42,592
313,583
(276,386
(334,271
(397,326
501,443
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
319,233
282,253
96,229
(102,158
314,024
151,634
(46,557
(196,374
(569,830
(256,462
335,670
Free Cash Flow
287,269
268,111
74,915
(125,362
277,086
121,107
(78,370
(222,548
(585,497
(262,648
328,034
Quarterly Trends in
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures
Our  Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow have fluctuated based on our level  of investment in new product and growth initiatives, as well as  seasonality. We expect to incur Adjusted EBITDA loss and comparatively lower Free  Cash Flow in the near term largely due to global economic pressures  primarily driven by
COVID-19.
For additional information regarding seasonality, see the subsection titled “— Key Factors Affecting Our Performance — Seasonality” above.
Quarterly Reconciliations of
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures
We use Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow to measure our performance and to identify trends, to formulate financial projections, and to make strategic decisions. The following table presents the reconciliations from the GAAP measure to the
non-GAAP
measure:
Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation
Three Months Ended
Mar 31,
2018
Jun 30,
2018
Sept 30,
2018
Dec 31,
2018
Mar 31,
2019
Jun 30,
2019
Sept 30,
2019
Dec 31,
2019
Mar 31,
2020
Jun 30,
2020
Sept 30,
2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
TTM Revenue
3,651,985
3,848,149
4,158,396
4,539,030
4,805,239
4,808,065
3,929,161
3,625,731
Net income (loss)
(146,230
10,214
337,896
(218,740
(292,027
(297,424
266,650
(351,538
(340,605
(575,588
219,328
Adjusted to exclude the following:
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
14,036
11,693
(7,579
45,743
13,065
225,470
14,652
9,449
(16,485
(63,810
87,724
Other (income) expense, net
1,651
(166
5,724
5,152
(6,531
(6,284
(29,315
28,224
46,760
12,848
56,143
Interest expense
5,083
5,653
4,948
10,459
1,818
2,450
2,533
3,167
(1,510
49,191
59,867
Interest income
(10,013
(16,029
(19,711
(21,040
(22,304
(24,367
(21,990
(17,241
(13,649
(5,856
(4,325
Depreciation and amortization
21,831
19,933
20,186
20,451
21,026
24,108
31,198
37,830
33,872
29,928
29,638
Stock-based compensation expense
12,428
13,361
13,400
14,704
14,063
18,049
40,198
25,237
41,626
39,566
29,433
Net changes in lodging tax reserves
6,131
4,798
5,141
(483
23,025
15,406
9,657
(11,514
(84,280
2,154
Restructuring charges
114,241
22,728
Adjusted EBITDA
(95,083
49,457
360,005
(143,754
(247,865
(42,592
313,583
(276,386
(334,271
(397,326
501,443
TTM Adjusted EBITDA
170,625
17,843
(74,206
(120,628
(253,260
(339,666
(694,400
(506,540
TTM Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of TTM Revenue
Excludes stock-based compensation related to restructuring, which is included in restructuring charges in the table above.
Free Cash Flow Reconciliation
Three Months Ended
Mar 31,
2018
Jun 30,
2018
Sept 30,
2018
Dec 31,
2018
Mar 31,
2019
Jun 30,
2019
Sept 30,
2019
Dec 31,
2019
Mar 31,
2020
Jun 30,
2020
Sept 30,
2020
(in thousands, except percentages)
TTM Revenue
3,651,985
3,848,149
4,158,396
4,539,030
4,805,239
4,808,065
3,929,161
3,625,731
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
319,233
282,253
96,229
(102,158
314,024
151,634
(46,557
(196,374
(569,830
(256,462
335,670
Purchases of property and equipment
(31,964
(14,142
(21,314
(23,204
(36,938
(30,527
(31,813
(26,174
(15,667
(6,186
(7,636
Free Cash Flow
287,269
268,111
74,915
(125,362
277,086
121,107
(78,370
(222,548
(585,497
(262,648
328,034
TTM Free Cash Flow
504,933
494,750
347,746
194,461
97,275
(765,308
(1,149,063
(742,659
TTM Free Cash Flow as a percentage of TTM Revenue
Other cash flow components:
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
(193,965
(255,062
(42,835
(176,309
41,645
(109,654
17,920
(297,066
2,259
(581,070
(237,293
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
1,538,053
547,050
(1,755,023
(189,564
1,479,831
624,885
(1,420,518
170,381
(339,202
2,543,390
(1,029,981
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As  of September 30, 2020, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and  cash equivalents of $2.7 billion and marketable securities of $1.8 billion, which included $1.2 billion and  $0.2 billion, respectively, held by foreign subsidiaries. Cash and  cash equivalents consist of checking and interest-bearing accounts and  highly-liquid securities with an original maturity of 90 days or less. Marketable securities consist of corporate debt  securities, mutual funds, highly-liquid debt instruments of the U.S.  government and its agencies, and certificates of deposit. These amounts  do not include cash of $2.4 billion as of September 30, 2020 that we held for  bookings in advance of guests completing
check-ins
that we record separately on our balance sheet in funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers with a corresponding liability in funds payable and amounts payable to customers.
Cash,  cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the United States may be repatriated, subject to certain  limitations, and would be available to be used to fund our domestic  operations.
However, repatriation of such funds may result in additional tax  liabilities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and  marketable securities balances in the United States are sufficient to fund our working capital needs in the United States.
Loan Agreements
In  April 2020, we entered into a $1.0 billion First Lien Credit and  Guaranty Agreement (the “First Lien Credit Agreement,” and the loans thereunder, the “First Lien Loan”), resulting in proceeds of  $961.4 million, net of debt discount and issuance costs. The loan  is due and payable in April 2025. The underlying loan can be repaid in  whole or in part prior to April 2025 at our option, subject to applicable prepayment premiums and  make-whole premiums. Beginning in September 2020, we are required to  repay the First Lien Loan in quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of  the $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the First Lien Loan, with the remaining principal amount  payable on the maturity date. Interest on the First Lien Loan is payable  monthly or quarterly in arrears at our option depending on the chosen  per annum interest rate equal to (i) in the case of LIBOR borrowings, 7.5% plus the London interbank  offered rate (customarily defined, with LIBOR replacement provisions  consistent with the April 2019 Alternative Reference Rates Commission  recommended fallback language for syndicated loans, “LIBOR”), subject to a floor of 1%, or (ii) in  the case of base rate borrowings, 6.5% plus the greatest of (a) the  prime rate, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5%, and  (c) LIBOR for a
one-month
period plus 1%, subject to a floor of 2%.
In  April 2020, we entered into a $1.0 billion Second Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the “Second Lien Credit Agreement,”  and the loans thereunder, the “Second Lien Loan”), resulting in proceeds  of $967.5 million, net of debt discount and issuance costs. The  loan is due and payable in July 2025. The underlying loan can be repaid in whole or in  part prior to July 2025 at our option, subject to applicable prepayment  premiums and make-whole premiums and the priority of lenders under the  First Lien Credit Agreement over any proceeds we receive from the sale of collateral. Interest on the  Second Lien Loan is payable monthly or quarterly in arrears at our  option depending on the chosen per annum interest rate equal to  (i) in the case of LIBOR borrowings, 10% plus LIBOR, subject to a floor of 1%, or (ii) in the case of base  rate borrowings, 9% plus the greatest of (a) the prime rate,  (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5%, and (c) LIBOR  for a
one-month
period plus 1%, subject to a floor of 3%. In addition, at our election,
payment-in-kind
interest up to 5.5% per annum may be paid by increasing the principal amount of the Second Lien Loan by such amount.
In  connection with the Second Lien Loan, we issued warrants to purchase 7,934,794 shares of Class A common stock with  an initial exercise price of $28.355 per share, subject to adjustments  upon the occurrence of certain specified events, to the Second Lien Loan  lenders. The warrants expire on April 17, 2030 and the exercise price can be settled in cash  or in net shares at the holder’s option. The fair value of the warrants  of $116.6 million at issuance was recorded as a liability on the  consolidated balance sheet, and the warrant liability will be subsequently remeasured to fair value at  each reporting date as long as the warrants remain outstanding and  unexercised with changes in fair value recorded in other income  (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.
The  First Lien Credit Agreement and Second Lien Credit Agreement include  customary conditions to borrowing, events of default, and covenants, including those that restrict our and our subsidiaries’  ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create or  incur liens, merge or consolidate with other companies, liquidate or  dissolve, sell or transfer assets, pay dividends or make distributions, make acquisitions, investments,  loans or advances, or payments and prepayments of junior or unsecured  indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. As of September 30, 2020,  we were in compliance with all covenants of these loan agreements.
As  of September 30, 2020, the principal amount of the borrowings  outstanding under the First Lien Loan and Second Lien Loan totaled $1,997.5 million. For additional  information about the First Lien Loan and Second Lien Loan, see the  section titled “Description of Certain Indebtedness.”
Credit Facility
In  April 2020, we terminated our Credit Facility, which provided an initial borrowing  commitment by a group of lenders led by Bank of America, N.A. of  $1.0 billion. The Credit Facility also provided a  $100.0 million
sub-limit
for the issuance of  letters of credit. The Credit Facility had a commitment fee of 0.125%  per annum on any undrawn amounts. Outstanding borrowings bore interest  at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the federal funds effective rate plus
one-half
of 1.00%, (ii) the rate of interest in effect for such day by Bank of America as its “prime rate,” or (iii) the eurocurrency rate for one month plus 1.00%.
As  of December 31, 2019, there were no borrowings outstanding on the  Credit Facility and outstanding letters of credit totaled $53.0 million. The Credit  Facility contained customary affirmative and negative covenants,  including restrictions on our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability  to incur debt and liens, undergo fundamental changes, and pay dividends or other distributions, as well  as certain financial covenants. We were in compliance with all covenants  as of December 31, 2019. On April 17, 2020, we terminated the  Credit Facility. Letters of credit under the Credit Facility were transferred to new issuers upon  the termination of the Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2020,  letters of credit totaled $55.6 million and were collateralized by  $55.6 million of restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet.
We  believe that our current available cash, cash equivalents, and  marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable  future. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many  factors, including, but not limited to our growth, headcount, ability to  attract and retain hosts and guests on our platform, capital expenditures, acquisitions, introduction of new  products and offerings, timing and extent of spending to support our  efforts to develop our platform, and expansion of sales and marketing  activities. Additionally, we may in the future raise additional capital or incur additional indebtedness to  continue to fund our strategic initiatives. In the event that additional  financing is required from outside sources, we may seek to raise  additional funds at any time through equity, equity-linked arrangements, and/or debt, which may not be  available on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise  additional capital when desired and at reasonable rates, our business,  results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We expect our capital  expenditures for the next twelve months to range between  $85 million to $100 million.
Vesting of Restricted Stock Units
In  connection with our RSUs as described in the subsection titled  “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Stock-Based Compensation — Restricted Stock Units,” we are required to withhold  taxes on the fair value at applicable minimum statutory rates.  Accordingly, to satisfy these tax withholding obligations, we will  withhold the number of shares necessary to satisfy the tax obligations based on the initial public  offering price. We currently expect that the average of these  withholding tax rates will be approximately        %. We intend to use a portion of the net proceeds we receive from this offering to satisfy a portion of the  anticipated tax withholding and remittance obligations of  $         million during the           quarter of          related to  the RSU Settlement based upon the assumed initial public offering price  per share of $        , which is  the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. The amount of these  obligations could be higher or lower, depending on the price of shares  of our Class A
common stock in this offering, and the actual number of pre-offering  RSUs outstanding for which the service-based vesting condition has been  satisfied on the initial settlement date.
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
251,225
595,557
222,727
419,101
(490,622
Net cash used in investing activities
(788,944
(668,171
(347,155
(50,089
(816,104
Net cash provided by financing activities
672,954
140,516
854,579
684,198
1,174,207
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
227,172
(158,919
(25,284
(77,021
35,210
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
362,407
(91,017
704,867
976,189
(97,309
Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
Net  cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020 was $490.6 million. Our net loss for the  nine months ended September 30, 2020 was $696.9 million, adjusted for  non-cash charges, primarily consisting of $108.8 million of  stock-based compensation expense, $93.4 million of depreciation and  amortization, $85.5 million of bad debt expense, and $82.1 million of impairment charges of  investments. Additional uses of cash resulted from changes in working  capital, including a $215.1 million decrease in unearned fees  resulting from fewer bookings on our platform due to COVID-19 and a $106.1 million decrease in accounts payable due  to lower spending, partially offset by a $90.2 million increase in  accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily due to the coupons  issued to guests related to COVID-19 cancellations.
Net  cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended  September 30, 2019 was $419.1 million. Our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 was  $322.8 million, adjusted for non-cash charges, primarily consisting  of $76.3 million of depreciation and amortization,  $72.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $47.9 million of bad debt expense. Additional sources of cash flows  resulted from changes in working capital, including a  $547.5 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities  resulting from increased spending and headcount growth, and a $166.9 million increase in unearned fees resulting  from increased bookings on our platform. The primary use of operating  cash was a $155.6 million increase in prepaids and other assets.
Net  cash provided by operating activities in 2019 was $222.7 million.  Our net loss for 2019 was $674.3 million, adjusted for
non-cash
charges, primarily consisting of $114.2 million of depreciation  and amortization, $97.5 million of stock-based compensation  expense, and $77.1 million of bad debt expense. Additional sources of cash flows resulted from changes in working capital, including a  $547.7 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities  resulting from increased spending and headcount growth, as well as a  $176.3 million increase in unearned fees resulting from increased bookings on our platform. The primary use  of operating cash was a $186.4 million increase in prepaids and  other assets associated with the growth in our operations.
Net cash provided by operating activities in 2018 was $595.6 million. Our net loss for 2018 was $16.9 million, adjusted for
non-cash
charges, primarily consisting of $82.4 million of depreciation and  amortization, $53.9 million of stock-based compensation expense,  and $49.0 million of bad debt expense. Additional sources of cash flows  resulted from changes in working capital, including a  $348.1 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities  resulting from increased spending and headcount growth, as well as a $145.9 million increase in unearned fees  resulting from increased bookings on our platform. The primary use of  operating cash was a $102.8 million increase in prepaids and other  assets associated with the growth in our operations.
Net  cash provided by operating activities in 2017 was $251.2 million.  Our net loss for 2017 was $70.0 million, adjusted for
non-cash
charges, primarily  consisting of $79.3 million of depreciation and amortization,  $38.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, and  $30.9 million of bad debt. Additional sources of cash flows resulted from changes in working capital, including a  $174.8 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities  resulting from increased spending and headcount growth, as well as a  $135.4 million increase in unearned fees resulting from increased bookings on our platform. The primary use  of operating cash was a $138.8 million increase in prepaids and  other assets associated with the growth in our operations.
Cash Used in Investing Activities
Net  cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020 was $816.1 million, which was primarily  used to purchase marketable securities of $2.0 billion and property and equipment of  $29.5 million. These uses were partially offset by proceeds  resulting from sales and maturities of marketable securities of  $206.7 million and $1.0 billion, respectively.
Net  cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended  September 30, 2019 was $50.1 million, which was primarily used to purchase marketable securities of $561.7 million and  property and equipment of $99.3 million, to fund acquisitions of  $192.1 million, and to make equity investments in privately-held  companies of $161.0 million. These uses were partially offset by proceeds resulting from sales and  maturities of marketable securities of $535.9 million and  $394.4 million, respectively.
Net  cash used in investing activities in 2019 was $347.2 million,  which was primarily used to purchase marketable securities of  $1.0 billion and property and equipment of $125.5 million, to fund acquisitions  of $192.1 million, and to make equity investments in privately-held  companies of $208.2 million. These uses were partially offset by  proceeds resulting from sales and maturities of marketable securities of $609.4 million and  $551.6 million, respectively.
Net  cash used in investing activities in 2018 was $668.2 million, which was primarily used to purchase marketable  securities of $1.3 billion and property and equipment of  $90.6 million, to fund acquisitions of $31.3 million, and to  make equity investments in privately-held companies of $28.9 million. These uses were partially offset by  proceeds resulting from sales and maturities of marketable securities of  $555.2 million and $201.3 million, respectively.
Net  cash used in investing activities in 2017 was $788.9 million,  which was primarily used to purchase marketable securities of $1.0 billion, to acquire property and equipment of  $100.2 million, and to fund acquisitions of $172.6 million.  These uses were partially offset by proceeds from the sales and  maturities of marketable securities of $472.9 million and $55.3 million, respectively.
Cash Provided by Financing Activities
Net  cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020 was $1.2 billion, primarily reflecting  proceeds of $1.9 billion from the issuance of debt and warrants, net of  issuance costs, partially offset by a decrease of $769.0 million in  funds payable and amounts payable to customers.
Net  cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended  September 30, 2019 was $684.2 million, reflecting the change in  funds payable and amounts payable to customers of $678.5 million and proceeds from the  exercise of stock options of $5.7 million.
Net  cash provided by financing activities in 2019 was $854.6 million, reflecting the change  in funds payable and amounts payable to customers of $848.7 million and  proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $5.9 million.
Net  cash provided by financing activities in 2018 was $140.5 million,  primarily reflecting the change in funds payable and amounts payable to customers of $117.6 million, proceeds from the exercise of stock options  of $16.0 million, and reimbursements for improvements we made at leased  office facilities of $6.9 million.
Net  cash provided by financing activities in 2017 was $673.0 million,  primarily reflecting the change in funds payable and amounts payable to customers of $617.2 million and issuance of redeemable convertible  preferred stock of $49.9 million.
Effect of Exchange Rates
The  effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and  restricted cash on our consolidated statements of cash flows relates to  certain of our assets, principally cash balances held on behalf of hosts and  guests, that are denominated in currencies other than the functional  currency of certain of our subsidiaries. During 2019 and 2018, we  recorded a $25.3 million and a $158.9 million reduction in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, respectively,  primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. During 2017, we  recorded a $227.2 million increase in cash, cash equivalents, and  restricted cash primarily due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar. During the nine months ended  September 30, 2019 and 2020, we recorded a $77.0 million reduction  in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash primarily due to the  strengthening of the U.S. dollar and a $35.2 million increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash  primarily due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar, respectively.
Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements
As of September 30, 2020, we did not have any
off-balance
sheet arrangements, as defined in Regulation
S-K,
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Indemnification Agreements
In  the ordinary course of business, we include limited indemnification  provisions under certain agreements with parties with whom we have  commercial relations of varying scope and terms. Under these contracts, we may  indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse the indemnified party  for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection  with breach of the agreements, or intellectual property infringement claims made by a third party,  including claims by a third party with respect to our domain names,  trademarks, logos and other branding elements to the extent that such  marks are applicable to its performance under the subject agreement. It is not possible to determine the maximum  potential loss
under these indemnification provisions due to the limited history of  prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances  involved in each particular provision. To date, no significant costs have been incurred, either individually or  collectively, in connection with our indemnification provisions.
In  addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors,  executive officers and certain other employees that require us, among  other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may  arise by reason of their status or service as directors, executive officers, or employees.
Contractual Obligations and Commitments
The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2019:
Payments Due by Period
Total
Less than
1 Year
Years
3-5 Years
More than
5 Years
(in thousands)
Operating lease commitments
539,445
57,220
139,028
135,763
207,434
Noncancelable purchase commitments
1,200,000
175,000
440,000
585,000
Other commitments
318,000
14,000
72,000
74,000
158,000
Total contractual obligations
2,057,445
246,220
651,028
794,763
365,434
Excludes  income tax matters as we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing  of future cash flows related to uncertain tax positions. For further discussion of income  taxes, see Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information.
Consists of future
non-cancelable
minimum rental payments under operating lease obligations, excluding short-term leases. See Note 9 to  our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this  prospectus for additional information.
Noncancelable  purchase commitments include amounts related to our commercial  agreement with a data hosting services provider, pursuant to which we committed to spend an aggregate  of at least $1.2 billion for vendor services through 2024.
In  April 2020, we entered into two separate loan agreements due in 2025  totaling an aggregate of $2.0 billion as described in the  subsection titled “— Liquidity and Capital Resources — Term Loan Agreements.”  Obligations under these loans are not included in the table above.
During  the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we entered into an  agreement to extend our commercial agreement with a data hosting  services provider from 2024 to 2027, with the aggregate commitment unchanged.  Obligations under this new timeline are not included in the table above.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our  consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with  accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The  preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates  and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,  liabilities, revenue, costs, and expenses, and related disclosures. On  an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates  under different assumptions or conditions.
We  believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2 to our consolidated  financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus, the  following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and  complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding  and evaluating our consolidated financial condition, results of  operations, and cash flows.
Revenue Recognition
We  recognize revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, which we adopted as  of January 1, 2018 on a full retrospective basis. We generate substantially all of our revenue from facilitating guest stays at  accommodations offered by hosts on the Airbnb platform. We consider both  hosts and guests to be our customers. Our revenue is comprised of  service fees from our customers. Our single performance obligation is identified as the facilitation of a stay,  which occurs upon the completion of a
check-in
event. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is satisfied upon
check-in.
We  evaluate the presentation of revenue on a gross versus net basis based  on whether or not we are the principal in the transaction (gross) or whether we  arrange for other parties to provide the service to guests and are the  agent (net) in the transaction. We determined that we do not control the  right to use the accommodations provided by us either before or after completion of our service.  Accordingly, we concluded that we are acting in an agent capacity and  revenue is presented net reflecting the service fees received from our  customers to facilitate a stay.
Revenue  is presented net of certain payments we make to customers as part of  our referral programs and marketing promotions, collectively referred to as our incentive programs, and refund activities. The payments are  generally in the form of coupon credits to be applied toward future  bookings or as cash refunds. We encourage the use of our platform and  attract new customers through our incentive programs. Under the referral program, the referring party (“referrer”)  earns a coupon when the new host or guest (“referee”) completes their  first stay on our platform. We record the incentive as a liability at  the time the incentive is earned by the referrer with the corresponding charge  recorded to sales and marketing expense. Any amounts paid in excess of  the fair value of the referral service received are recorded as a  reduction of revenue. Through marketing promotions, we issue customer coupon credits to encourage the use of our  platform. After a customer redeems such incentives, we record a  reduction to revenue at the date we record the corresponding revenue  transaction. From time to time, we issue refunds to customers in the form of cash or credits to be applied toward  a future booking. We reduce the transaction price by the estimated  amount of the payments by applying the most likely outcome method based  on known facts and circumstances and historical experience. These refunds are recorded as a reduction to  revenue.
We  evaluate whether the cumulative amount of payments made to customers that are not in exchange for a distinct good or service  received from a customer exceeds the cumulative revenue earned since  inception of the customer relationship. Any cumulative payments in  excess of cumulative revenue are presented as operating expenses in our consolidated statements of operations.
Stock-Based Compensation
We  have granted stock-based awards consisting primarily of stock options,  restricted common stock, and RSUs to employees, members of our board of directors, and
non-employees.
We  estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the  Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing  model requires certain subjective inputs and assumptions, including the fair value of our common stock, the expected  term, risk-free interest rates, expected stock price volatility, and  expected dividend yield of our common stock. The fair value of stock  options is recognized as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service  period. We account for forfeitures as they occur.
These  assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, other than the fair value of  our common stock (see the subsection titled “— Common Stock Valuations”  below), are estimated as follows:
Expected term
. We estimate the expected term based on the simplified method.
Risk-free interest rate
. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
Expected volatility
.  We estimate the volatility of our common stock on the date of grant  based on the average historical stock price volatility of comparable  publicly-traded companies as there has been no public market for our  shares to date.
Expected dividend yield
. Expected dividend yield is zero, as we have not paid and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock.
We  continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility and  expected term utilized in our stock-based compensation expense calculation on a  prospective basis. As we continue to accumulate additional data related  to our common stock, we may refine our estimates of expected volatility  and expected term, which could materially impact our future stock-based compensation expense.
Restricted Stock Units
The  fair value of RSUs is estimated based on the fair value of our common  stock on the date of grant. Substantially all of our RSUs vest upon the satisfaction of both a service-based vesting condition and a  liquidity-based vesting condition. The service-based vesting condition  for the majority of these awards is satisfied over four years. The  liquidity-based vesting condition is satisfied upon the occurrence of a qualifying liquidity event.
We  measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards  based on the estimated fair value of the award. As of December 31, 2017, 2018,  and 2019, no stock-based compensation expense had been recognized for  RSUs because the liquidity-based vesting condition had not been probable  of being satisfied. In the period in which our liquidity-based vesting condition becomes probable, we will  begin recording stock-based compensation expense for these RSUs with a  liquidity-based vesting condition using the accelerated attribution  method, net of forfeitures, based on the grant-date fair value of the RSUs. As of September 30, 2020,  84.0 million RSUs with both service-based and liquidity-based  vesting conditions were outstanding, of which 52.0 million had met  their service-based vesting condition. If the liquidity-based vesting condition had become probable as of  September 30, 2020, we would have recognized $2.7 billion of  cumulative stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs then  outstanding with both vesting conditions, for which the service-based vesting condition has been satisfied or  partially satisfied. The remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation  expense relating to these RSUs was $0.8 billion as of  September 30, 2020, representing the remaining expense expected to be recognized had the liquidity-based and  service-based vesting conditions been met on September 30, 2020. At  the time of the offering, we expect to recognize stock-based  compensation expense of approximately $                      for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied or  partially satisfied and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be satisfied in connection with this offering.
After  the closing of this offering, we expect that approximately               ,              ,  and                RSUs will vest on             ,               ,  and              ,  respectively.
In  November 2019, we also began granting RSUs with a service-based vesting  condition only. As a result, we recorded stock-based compensation  expense related to these awards on a straight-line basis, which totaled  $12.0 million in 2019 and $81.6 million for the nine months  ended September 30, 2020. As of December 31, 2019 and  September 30, 2020, 5.9 million and 6.2 million, respectively, of these RSUs were outstanding.
Common Stock Valuations
Prior to this offering, given the absence of a public trading market for our common stock, and in accordance with the
American  Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation  of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation
, our board of directors exercised its reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of fair value of our common stock underlying the stock options and RSUs, including:
independent third-party valuations of our common stock;
the prices at which others have purchased our redeemable convertible preferred stock in
arm’s-length
transactions;
the rights, preferences and privileges of our redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock;
our financial condition, results of operations, and capital resources;
the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company, given prevailing market conditions;
the lack of marketability of our common stock;
our estimates of future financial performance;
valuations of comparable companies;
the hiring or loss of key personnel;
the status of our development, product introduction, and sales efforts;
industry information, such as market growth and volume and macro-economic events; and
additional objective and subjective factors relating to our business.
To  determine the fair value of our common stock, we first determined our  enterprise value and then allocated that enterprise value to our common  stock and common stock equivalents. Our enterprise value was estimated using  two generally accepted approaches: the income approach and the market  approach. The income approach estimates enterprise value based on the  estimated present value of future cash flows the business is expected to generate over its remaining life. The  estimated present value is calculated using a discount rate reflective  of the risks associated with an investment in a similar company in a  similar industry or having a similar history of revenue growth. The market approach measures the value of a  business through an analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable  investments or assets, and in our case, focused on comparing us to a  group of our peer companies. In applying this method, valuation multiples are derived from historical  operating data of the peer company group. We then apply multiples to our  operating data to arrive at a range of indicated values of the company.
For  each valuation, we prepared a financial forecast to be used in the  computation of the value of invested capital for both the income  approach and market approach. The financial forecast considered our past results and  expected future financial performance. The risk associated with  achieving this forecast was assessed in selecting the appropriate  discount rate. There is inherent uncertainty in these estimates as the assumptions used are highly subjective and  subject to changes as a result of new operating data and economic and  other conditions that impact our business.
As an additional indicator of fair value, we provided weighting to
arm’s-length
transactions involving issuances of our securities near the respective valuation dates in connection with acquisitions.
Following  the listing of our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global  Select Market, it will not be necessary to determine the fair value of  our common stock, as our shares will be traded in the public market.
Lodging Tax Obligations
Some  states, cities, and localities in the United States and elsewhere in  the world impose transient occupancy or lodging accommodations taxes (“lodging taxes”) on the use or occupancy of lodging accommodations or  other traveler services. We collect and remit lodging taxes in more than  29,500 jurisdictions on behalf of our hosts, and lodging taxes are  primarily collected in the United States. Such lodging taxes are generally remitted to tax  jurisdictions within a 30 to
90-day
period following the end of each month.
In  jurisdictions where we do not collect and remit lodging taxes, the  responsibility for collecting and remitting these taxes, if applicable, generally rests with hosts. We estimate liabilities for a certain number  of jurisdictions with respect to state, city, and local taxes related  to lodging where we believe it is probable that Airbnb could be held  jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes and the related amounts can be  reasonably estimated. Our accrued obligations related to lodging taxes,  including estimated penalties and taxes, totaled $138.4 million and  $51.8 million as of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020, respectively, and  changes to this reserve are recorded in general and administrative  expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
We  are currently involved in a number of lawsuits brought by certain  states and localities involving the payment of lodging taxes. These  jurisdictions are asserting that we are liable or jointly liable with hosts to collect  and remit lodging taxes. These lawsuits are in various stages and we  continue to vigorously defend these claims. We believe that the statutes  at issue impose a lodging tax obligation on the person exercising the taxable privilege of providing  accommodations, our hosts. The ultimate resolution of these lawsuits  cannot be determined at this time.
Evaluating  potential outcomes for lodging taxes is inherently uncertain and  requires us to utilize various judgments, assumptions and estimates in determining our reserves. A variety of factors could affect our  potential obligation for collecting and remitting such taxes which  include, but are not limited to, whether we determine, or any tax  authority asserts, that we have a responsibility to collect lodging and related taxes on either historic or future  transactions; the introduction of new ordinances and taxes which subject  our operations to such taxes; or the ultimate resolution of any  historic claims that may be settled through negotiation. Accordingly, the ultimate resolution of lodging taxes may  be greater or less than reserve amounts we have established.
Income Taxes
We  are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign  jurisdictions. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. We account for uncertainty in tax positions by  recognizing a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more  likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination.  Evaluating our uncertain tax positions, determining our provision for income taxes, and evaluating the impact of  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, are inherently uncertain and require making  judgments, assumptions, and estimates.
While  we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax  positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be  different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and  circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. To the extent that  the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the  provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in  which such determination is made.
The  provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions  and changes to reserves as well as the related net interest and  penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax  returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service and other tax  authorities that may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess  the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the  adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
Goodwill and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill  represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net  assets acquired in a business combination. We have one reporting unit. We test goodwill for impairment  at least annually, in the fourth quarter, or whenever events or changes  in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. As a result  of the goodwill impairment assessment, management concluded goodwill was not impaired as of  December 31, 2019 and does not believe that its reporting unit is at  risk of failing the impairment test since the fair value of the  reporting unit substantially exceeded the carrying value.
Long-lived  assets that are held and used by us are reviewed for impairment when  events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Determination of  recoverability of long-lived assets is based on an estimate of the  undiscounted cash flows resulting from the use of the asset group and  its eventual disposition. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset group is not recoverable on an  undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize impairment to the extent that  the carrying value exceeds its fair value. We determine fair value  through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party  independent appraisals.
Any  impairments to right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, leasehold improvements, or other assets as a result of a  sublease are initially recognized when a decision to sublease is made  and recorded as an operating expense. Similar to other long-lived  assets, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could  impact the recoverability of these assets. For lease assets, such  circumstances would include subleases that do not fully recover the  costs of the associated leases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, we recorded $25.3 million of ROU  asset impairment charges within restructuring charges in the  consolidated statement of operations.
Significant  judgment and estimates are required in assessing impairment of goodwill  and long-lived assets, including identifying whether events or changes in circumstances require an impairment assessment, estimating  future cash flows, and determining appropriate discount rates. Our  estimates of fair value are based on assumptions believed to be  reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from  estimates.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See  Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in  this prospectus for a description of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet  adopted.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Our  substantial operations around the world expose us to various market  risks. These risks primarily include foreign currency risk and  investment risk.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We  offer the ability to transact business in over 40 currencies worldwide,  of which the most significant foreign currencies to our operations in  the first nine months of 2020 were the Euro, British Pound, Australian  Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Chinese Yuan, and Brazilian Real. Our  international revenue, as well as costs and expenses denominated in  foreign currencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar.  Accordingly, we are subject to foreign currency risk, which may  adversely impact our financial results.
We have foreign currency exchange risks related primarily to:
revenue and cost of revenue associated with bookings on our platform denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar;
balances held as funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers and funds payable and amounts payable to customers;
unbilled amounts for confirmed bookings under the terms of our Pay Less Upfront program; and
intercompany balances primarily related to our payment entities that process customer payments.
For  revenue and cost of revenue associated with bookings on our platform  outside of the United States, we generally receive net foreign currency amounts and therefore benefit from a weakening of the  U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a strengthening of the U.S.  dollar. Movements in foreign exchange rates are recorded in other income  (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations. Furthermore, our platform generally enables  guests to make payments in the currency of their choice to the extent  that the currency is supported by Airbnb, which may not match the  currency in which the host elects to be paid. As a result, in those cases, we bear the currency risk of both the  guest payment as well as the host payment due to timing differences in  such payments.
In  2019, we began entering into foreign currency derivative contracts to  protect against foreign exchange risks. Presently, these hedges are  primarily designed to manage foreign exchange risk associated with balances held  as funds payable and amounts payable to customers. These contracts  reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange  rate movements on our assets and liabilities.
We may choose not to hedge the risk associated with our foreign currency exposures, primarily if such exposure acts as a natural hedge for offsetting amounts denominated in the same currency or if the currency is too difficult or too expensive to hedge.
We  have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in foreign exchange gains  and losses related to changes in exchange rates. If our foreign-currency  denominated assets, liabilities, revenues, or expenses increase, our  results of operations may be more significantly impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the  currencies in which we do business.
If  an adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied to total net monetary assets and  liabilities denominated in currencies other than the local currencies as  of September 30, 2020, it would not have had a material impact on  our consolidated financial statements.
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We  are exposed to interest rate risk related primarily to our investment  portfolio and outstanding debt. Changes in interest rates affect the  interest earned on our total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities  and the fair value of those securities, as well as interest paid on our  debt.
We  had cash and cash equivalents of $2.7 billion and marketable  securities of $1.8 billion as of September 30, 2020, which  consisted of corporate debt securities, mutual funds, highly-liquid debt instruments  of the U.S. government and its agencies, and certificates of deposit. As  of September 30, 2020, we had an additional $2.4 billion that  we held for bookings in advance of guests completing
check-ins,
which we record separately on our consolidated balance sheets as funds  receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers. The primary  objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital and meet liquidity requirements without  significantly increasing risk. We invest primarily in highly-liquid,  investment grade debt securities, and we limit the amount of credit  exposure to any one issuer. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any  derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk  exposure. Because our cash equivalents and marketable securities  generally have short maturities, the fair value of our portfolio is relatively insensitive to interest rate  fluctuations. Due to the short-term nature of our investments, we have  not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material  risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis points increase or decrease in interest rates  would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial  statements as of September 30, 2020.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had floating-rate loans of $1,997.5  million, subject to LIBOR floors. As a result, we are exposed to the  risk related to fluctuations in interest rates to the extent LIBOR exceeds  the floors. As of September 30, 2020, a hypothetical 100 basis points  increase in interest rates would not have had a material impact on our  consolidated financial statements.
Busniess
What Makes Airbnb, Airbnb
A letter from Brian, Joe, and Nate
Thirteen  years ago, Joe, Nate, and I created a company that was viewed at the  time as an unlikely idea to work. Airbnb has always been a little different, and as we take our company public, we feel compelled to tell  you a little more about what makes Airbnb, Airbnb.
We  started writing this letter in March. Then the pandemic hit. When borders closed and  travel stopped, our business declined by nearly 80%. We had to put our  IPO on hold, and I don’t think many people expected us to go public this  year. I know some people questioned if we’d make it at all. What has transpired since then has  been our most defining period since we started Airbnb.
They  say that a crisis has a way of revealing your true character. We would like to  tell you about what this crisis revealed about who we are.
First,  our model is inherently adaptable. Over the summer, after months of being  stuck inside their homes, people were yearning to connect with their  loved ones in a safe way. They decided to get in their cars and travel  close to home, often staying in small towns and rural communities. Because we have millions of hosts who offer  nearly all types of homes and experiences around the world, we were  able to adapt to the new use cases guests wanted — from working remotely  from another home, to taking extended trips with family and friends. Our business rebounded faster  than anyone expected, and it showed that as the world changes, our model  is able to adapt.
This  crisis reinforced three truths that are even more core to who we are,  and how we intend to operate for generations to come. As our prospective investors, we want to tell you about each.
Connection and belonging
When  we started Airbnb, it was about more than just travel. In 2007, Joe and  I were roommates in San Francisco, and we were trying to figure  out how to pay our rent. That weekend, a design conference was coming to San  Francisco and hotels were sold out, so we inflated three airbeds and  turned our apartment into an Airbed & Breakfast. We hosted three  guests — Michael, Kat, and Amol — and in doing so, we became the first hosts on Airbnb. Our guests  arrived as strangers, but they left as our friends. The connections we  made that weekend led Joe and I to realize, “Maybe there’s a bigger idea  here!” Soon after, Nate joined, and we created a way for people around the world to be  hosts, just like us.
Since  then, we’ve grown from two hosts in San Francisco to a community of over four million hosts all over the world.  On the surface, what people come to Airbnb for is a new way to travel,  but below the surface, what they find on Airbnb is connection. They  experience a deeper connection to the communities they visit and the people who live there. This connection is  delivered by our hosts, and they provide guests with a deeply personal  experience — after all, guests are welcomed in their homes, and they  live in their communities.
When  the pandemic hit, we knew we couldn’t pursue everything that we used  to. We chose to focus on what is most unique about Airbnb — our core business of  hosting. We got back to our roots and back to what is truly special  about Airbnb — the everyday people who host their homes and offer  experiences. We scaled back investments that did not directly support the core of our host  community.
This  focus came at the right time. People are feeling increasingly disconnected in the world, and loneliness is pervading our society. The  opposite of loneliness is belonging — the feeling of deep and genuine  connection to a person, a place, or community. It’s the feeling of being  “at home.” The feeling of being known and loved.
We are a community based on connection and belonging, and we will continue to design new ways to provide for it. We believe that we’ve only scratched the surface:
We will focus on connection and belonging.
We will prioritize the individual hosts who deliver it.
We will invest in building our community.
As  the world continues to change, people’s fundamental need for connection  and belonging will not. This is what we will remain focused on.
Creatively-led
Airbnb  was born with a creative spirit, much like the environment at the Rhode Island School  of Design where Joe and I went to college together. We brought this  creative spirit to Airbnb, and it’s one of the most defining parts of  our culture. We use our curiosity and imagination to come up with unconventional solutions. In fact,  starting Airbnb was in itself a creative act — the biggest ideas are  often leaps of the imagination.
While  we are dreamers, we are also pragmatic. At the center of being  creatively-led is our design-driven approach. At Airbnb, design isn’t  just how something looks, it’s how it fundamentally works. We sit at the  intersection of art and science, a commitment that started when Nate, an  engineer, joined Joe and me. We used this approach to design a system  of trust that allows strangers to live together, and a unique business model that allows hosts to share in  our success. And it’s this approach that will continue to enable us to  create new products and services that deliver connection, even beyond  travel.
It  is said that constraints breed creativity, and during the crisis our  creatively-led approach was drawn on time and again to come up with unconventional solutions. Here are just a couple of examples:
With the onset of social distancing, we had to pause our
in-person
Airbnb Experiences, but in a matter of two weeks, our team pivoted the  product to become Online Experiences — creating a new type of  interactive experiences that connect people from all over the world.
Most  recently, as we prepared to take Airbnb public, we wanted to find a new  way for our hosts to continue sharing in our success. Rather than design a
moment-in-time
perk that would have limited impact, we created the Airbnb Host  Endowment, an entity that we are seeding with over nine million shares  of Airbnb company stock in order to provide support for hosts for as long  as Airbnb exists.
These are just two examples of the dozens of creative solutions that this crisis brought about. We believe our creativity will allow us to continue designing new possibilities for people:
We will use curiosity and imagination to create unconventional solutions.
We will take a unique, design-driven approach.
We will ensure creative people always have a seat at the table.
Being
creatively-led
is core to who we are and how we will run Airbnb.
Responsibility to our stakeholders
Airbnb  has always existed as a delicate balance between our five stakeholders —  our guests, our hosts, the communities that we operate in, our employees, and our shareholders. In 2018, we set out to institutionalize  our responsibility by defining a series of principles to serve each of  our stakeholders. These principles were put to the ultimate test during  the crisis.
When travel stopped and borders closed, our guests needed to cancel their reservations, many of which were
non-refundable.
In the face of  the pandemic, we issued more than $1 billion in refunds guided by  our extenuating circumstances policy. While this helped our guests, it  created problems for our hosts — half of whom depend on their Airbnb income to pay their rent or  mortgage. For our hosts, we committed to pay up to $250 million to  those impacted by cancellations. To protect our shareholders’  investments, we significantly reduced our expenses and raised $2 billion in debt. When faced with the  difficult decision to let many of our employees go, we focused on  treating every employee with respect and compassion — providing generous  severance packages and extensive job search support. And for the communities that we operate in, we partnered  with thousands of hosts who generously offered their homes to nurses,  doctors, and many others working on the front line of the pandemic.
There  is an emerging focus in the business world on serving stakeholders. But  there’s a false notion that to give to one, you have to take from another. While in the short run there may be trade-offs, in the long  run, and when approached with creativity, we believe that we can design a
win-win
for all of our stakeholders:
We will design for the long-term benefit of all stakeholders.
We will measure our progress for serving each of them.
We will adjust when we don’t get it right.
Our responsibility to our stakeholders will continue to guide how we operate.
These are the ideas at the core of Airbnb:
Our community is based on connection and belonging.
Our creativity allows us to imagine new possibilities for people.
Our responsibility is to all of our stakeholders.
In the end, they all share a common thread — a fundamental belief that people are good and we’re in this together.
This is what makes Airbnb, Airbnb.
Thank you
A  crisis brings you clarity about what is truly important. You become thankful for not only  what you have in your life, but for who you have in your life. We are  thankful for everyone who stuck by us during our darkest hours.
Thank  you to our employees — you have worked tirelessly day and night  for our community and shareholders, often at great personal sacrifice.
Thank you to our investors — you invested in the seemingly impossible premise that strangers could live together, and you have stuck with us through thick and thin.
Thank you to our hosts and guests — without you, we wouldn’t even exist. You’ve proven to the world that people can, in fact, trust one another.
And finally, I would like to personally thank you, Joe and Nate, for being the best partners that I could ever ask for.
In the depths of this crisis, some people asked, “Is this the end of Airbnb?” It was not the end of Airbnb. In fact, it was just the beginning. It’s still early. We invite you to come on this journey with us.
Brian, Joe, and Nate
Business
We  are eager to tell you the story of Airbnb. Before we start, we want to  acknowledge the serious impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on people’s health, safety, and economic well-being. Given this backdrop, we feel  incredibly fortunate to be able to tell our story. In it, we will  explain how we are addressing today’s challenges, as well as how we are  focusing on the opportunities ahead. Our goal is to build an enduring business, and we want to tell you about  it, starting at the beginning.
The Beginning
Airbnb started with two designers trying to solve a problem: how to pay their rent.
The  year was 2007. Brian and Joe — two of our founders and friends from  design school — were looking for a way to cover the cost of their San Francisco apartment. That week, they saw an opportunity. An  international design conference was coming to town, and every hotel was  sold out. They quickly created a website, AirBedandBreakfast.com, with  the hope of renting airbeds in their apartment to attendees of the conference. Three designers, Michael, Kat,  and Amol, took them up on their offer and became the first guests of  Brian and Joe, our first hosts.
When  Brian and Joe told people what they were doing, they thought the idea  sounded crazy. “Strangers will never stay in each other’s homes,” they said. But something unexpected happened that first weekend.  Brian and Joe treated their guests like old friends from out of town,  connecting them to a unique slice of San Francisco that they could never  have experienced on their own. Michael, Kat, and Amol came as outsiders, but left feeling like  locals. The experience left Brian and Joe feeling something special too —  the excitement of sharing the city they loved and seeing their guests  form a deep connection to it.
Brian  and Joe started thinking: maybe there were more people like Michael,  Kat, and Amol who would like to travel this way and more people who would like to host this way. These are the ideas that Airbnb was founded  on.
In  2008, Nate, a software engineer, joined Brian and Joe, and together the three founders took on a bigger design problem: how do you  make strangers feel comfortable enough to stay in each other’s homes?  The key was trust. The solution they designed combined host and guest  profiles, integrated messaging,
two-way
reviews, and secure payments built on a technology platform that  unlocked trust, and eventually led to hosting at a global scale that was  unimaginable at the time.
13 Years Later
Today,  the idea does not seem so crazy after all. Our more than 4 million hosts now offer  everything from a private room in their home to luxury villas, from one  night to several months at a time. Hosting has expanded from homes to  now include experiences that can be taken in cities all over the world, or even online. In more than 220  countries and regions around the world, our hosts have welcomed over  825 million guest arrivals and have cumulatively earned over  $110 billion. “Airbnb” has become synonymous with
one-of-a-kind
travel on a global scale.
Looking  back over the past 13 years, we have done something we hope is even  more meaningful: we have helped millions of people satisfy a fundamental human need for connection. And it is through this connection that people  can experience a greater sense of belonging. This is at the root of  what brought people to Airbnb and is what continues to bring people  back.
A New Category
Travel  is one of the world’s largest industries, and its approach has become  commoditized. The travel industry has scaled by offering standardized accommodations in crowded hotel districts and  frequently-visited landmarks and attractions. This
one-size-fits-all
approach has limited how much of the world a person can access, and as a  result, guests are often left feeling like outsiders in the places they  visit.
Airbnb  has enabled home sharing at a global scale and created a new category  of travel. Instead of traveling like tourists and feeling like  outsiders, guests on Airbnb can stay in neighborhoods where people live, have  authentic experiences, live like locals, and spend time with locals in  approximately 100,000 cities around the world. In our early days, we  described this new type of travel with the tagline “Travel like a human.” Today, people simply refer to it with a  single word: “Airbnb.”
Hosting is at the Center
Hosting  is the foundation of the Airbnb experience. Airbnb enables hosts to  provide guests access to a vast world of unique homes and experiences that were previously inaccessible, or even undiscovered. The  role of the host is about more than opening their door. A great host  enables guests to find a deeper connection to the places they visit and  the people who live there.
Our  community of hosts started by sharing their spare bedrooms on Airbnb in  a few large cities. Soon, hosts listed entire homes, cabins,  treehouses, boats, castles, and luxury villas — practically any space that you could  think of — in big cities, small towns, and rural communities in nearly  every corner of the world.
Once  there were millions of homes on Airbnb, we recognized that hosts could  share not only their homes but also their interests and talents. From exploring graffiti art in New York to finding hidden jazz clubs in  London, Airbnb Experiences offer authentic activities in over 1,000  cities around the world.
We  believe that we have just scratched the surface of the opportunities  that hosting provides. There are many more ways people will want to  connect with each other and the world around them, and so we will continue to  design and enable new ways to host. No matter what form it takes,  hosting will be at the center of Airbnb.
Guests are Members of Our Community
Our hosts  have welcomed hundreds of millions of guest arrivals through Airbnb.  Our guests are not transactions — they are engaged, contributing members  of our community.
Once  they become a part of Airbnb, guests actively participate in our  community, return regularly to our platform to book again, and recommend  Airbnb to others who then join themselves. This demand encourages new hosts to  join, which in turn attracts even more guests. It is a virtuous cycle —  guests attract hosts, and hosts attract guests.
A Resilient Model
In early 2020, as
COVID-19
disrupted travel across the world, Airbnb’s business declined  significantly. But within two months, our business model started to  rebound even with limited international travel, demonstrating its resilience. People wanted to get out of their homes and yearned to  travel, but they did not want to go far or to be in crowded hotel  lobbies. Domestic travel quickly rebounded on Airbnb around the world as  millions of guests took trips closer to home. Stays of longer than a few days started increasing as  work-from-home became
work-from-any-home
on Airbnb. We believe that the lines between travel and living are blurring, and the global pandemic has accelerated the ability to live  anywhere. Our platform has proven adaptable to serve these new ways of  traveling.
And  just as when Airbnb started during the Great Recession of 2008, we  believe that people will continue to turn to hosting to earn extra income. In light of the  evolving nature of COVID-19 and the uncertainty it has produced around  the world, we do not believe it is possible to predict COVID-19’s  cumulative and ultimate impact on our future business, results of operations, and financial condition.  COVID-19 has materially adversely affected our recent operating and  financial results and is continuing to materially adversely impact our  long-term operating and financial results. However, we believe that as the world recovers from this pandemic,  Airbnb will be a vital source of economic empowerment for millions of  people.
Serving Our Stakeholders
Airbnb  has five stakeholders and is designed with all of them in mind. Along with  employees and shareholders, we serve hosts, guests, and the communities  in which they live. We intend to make long-term decisions considering  all of our stakeholders because their collective success is key for our business to thrive. Below, we will  share more about our hosts, our guests, our communities, and how we  serve them.
Our Hosts
Who are our hosts?
Airbnb’s  hosts are the foundation of our community and business. It is their  individuality that makes Airbnb unique. From schoolteachers to artists, our hosts span more than 220 countries and regions and  approximately 100,000 cities, and 55% of our hosts are women. As of  September 30, 2020, we had over 4 million hosts around the  world, with 86% of hosts located outside of the United States.
Our  hosts had 7.4 million available listings of homes and experiences  as of September 30, 2020, of which 5.6 million were active listings. We consider a listing of a home  or an experience to be an active listing if it is viewable on Airbnb and  has been previously booked at least once on Airbnb. In 2019, 84% of our  revenue resulted from stays with existing hosts who had completed at least one guest check-in on or  before December 31, 2018. Our hosts largely come to us organically with  79% of our hosts coming directly to our platform to sign up to host in  2019. In 2019, we added more hosts than any year in our history with 23% of our new hosts first starting out as  guests on Airbnb.
Our  hosts generally fall into two categories: individual and professional. Individual hosts are those who activate  their listings directly on Airbnb through our website or mobile apps.  Professional hosts are those who run property management or hospitality  businesses and generally use application programming interfaces to list their properties on our  platform.
Individual  hosts are the core of our host community. They come from all walks of life and list their spaces, including private rooms,  primary homes, or vacation homes on Airbnb. Most could not have hosted  easily without the tools we provide. As of December 31, 2019, 90%  of our hosts were individual hosts, and 79% of those hosts had just a single listing. And as of  December 31, 2019, 72% of our nights booked were with individual  hosts. Professional hosts are property management companies, serviced  apartment providers, and boutique hotels that leverage our platform and tools to run their hospitality businesses.  These hosts expand the types of listings available to our guests. Of the  reviews they received in 2019, 83% of ratings for individual hosts and  75% of ratings for professional hosts were 5-star.
Why do they host?
Our hosts have multiple motivations for hosting on Airbnb:
Hosts can earn extra income.
In a 2019 survey of hosts that we conducted, half of our hosts told us that the supplemental income they generated helped them afford to stay in their homes. For the
twelve months ended September 30, 2020, the average annual earnings per host with at least one
check-in
on Airbnb was $7,900. Hosts keep the vast majority of what they charge guests, and hosts have collectively earned more than $110 billion since our founding in 2008.
Hosts
connect guests to their communities
In the same survey, of the hosts who  made recommendations, 87% said that they recommend local restaurants and  cafes to their guests, and 82% said they recommend businesses that are  locally owned. In that same survey, 32% of hosts cited meeting and connecting with people as one of  the reasons that they choose to host on Airbnb. Hosts also connect with  each other to share best practices for hosting, and as of  December 31, 2019, hosts had organized 349 host clubs around the world to do so.
Hosts can share their skills and passions
Airbnb Experiences allow our hosts to not only share their homes with guests, but also their skills and  passions by offering authentic activities in over 1,000 cities around  the world.
What do we provide our hosts?
Airbnb  is more than just a distribution channel — we are an enablement platform  for our more than 4 million hosts. We have designed our platform to  empower anyone to become a host and give them what they need to be  successful and deliver a high quality experience.
Global demand.
Because  of strong demand from guests around the world, for active listings in 2019 that were new to our platform, 50% received a booking  within 4 days of becoming available, and 75% received a booking within  16 days of becoming available.
Activation and merchandising
Our product makes it easy for a new host to create, activate, and merchandise their new listing. Through a
step-by-step
product flow, we help hosts describe their listing, including providing  bedroom and bathroom counts, selecting available amenities, and uploading photos in order to collect  information that allows us to merchandise their listing and attract  guests. We also provide recommendations and tools for hosts to attract  incremental demand, for example by suggesting that they offer discounts on longer stays and promoting these  discounts to guests.
Pricing.
While hosts set their own prices, we provide hosts with Smart Pricing  tools that suggest prices for their listings based on changes in demand for similar  listings. Our Smart Pricing recommendations are based on the type and  location of a listing, the season, expected demand, and other factors.  In addition, we provide data insights that include how host occupancy rates compare to other listings  on our platform.
Scheduling.
Hosts  can easily manage their calendars and accept, track, and manage their upcoming reservations on our website and mobile apps. Availability  preferences allow hosts to have full control of their calendars,  including determining the advance notice window required for a booking  and preparation time between bookings. Hosts can select our Instant Book feature to improve their search results and  to increase demand, while setting requirements, including an uploaded  government ID and prior reviews from other hosts, for guests to use this  feature.
Payments.
We facilitate all payments on our platform: collecting payments from  guests and processing payments to hosts. In 2019, we processed approximately $70  billion of guest and host transactions in over 40 currencies across more  than 220 countries and regions. Our platform allows our guests to pay  and our hosts to be paid in their local currency or payment method of choice. Our payments capabilities  are unique in our industry in their global reach and critical to  enabling individual hosts to participate on our platform. We also  provide tools to hosts to manage and track their earnings,
including amounts paid and expected to be paid. In certain jurisdictions  and where permitted by local governments, we also collect and remit  lodging taxes.
Community support.
We have a global community support team that offers 24/7 assistance in English and Mandarin, real time voice support in 11 languages during  business hours, live chat in 8 languages, and text support in over 20  languages to help with issues that arise before, during, or after a stay  or experience.
Host protections.
Our Host Guarantee Program provides property damage protection of up to $1 million for every listing. Our Host Protection Insurance and  Experience Protection Insurance provide liability coverage to hosts of  up to $1 million per occurrence in the event of third-party claims  of personal injury or property damage. Our Host Protection Insurance covers landlords and homeowner  associations when guests stay at their locations. Our Trust and Safety  initiatives also include risk scoring, watchlist and background checks,  fraud and scam prevention, secure messaging, secure payments, and minimum age requirements.
Reviews and feedback
Guests review hosts following their stays and experiences and provide hosts with feedback to enhance future stays and experiences, including specific data points like cleanliness, ease of
check-in,
and host engagement. Our hosts also have the opportunity to review  their guests following the end of a stay or experience. Our platform builds  trust by enabling hosts and guests to learn from each other through  these reviews.
Superhost program.
Our Superhost program recognizes our most active and high-quality hosts. Superhosts typically enjoy higher occupancy rates because guests  value the hospitality, quality, and reliability they offer. To become a  Superhost, a host must have hosted at least 10 stays in the past twelve  months or had 3 reservations that total at least 100 nights, responded to 90% of new messages within 24  hours, and maintained a cancellation rate of less than 1% and an overall  guest rating of at least 4.8 out of
5-stars.
As of September 30, 2020, approximately 850,000, or 21%, of our  4 million hosts had achieved Superhost status. Of the reviews our  Superhosts received in 2019, 88% were 5-star ratings.
Many  of our hosts could not host easily without the tools we provide. We  continue to invest in our host community — through the development of new tools, training and education, reward and recognition programs, and  community forums to build
host-to-host
connections and support.
How did
COVID-19
impact our hosts?
Many of our hosts have been severely impacted by
COVID-19,
with increased cancellations and a drop in bookings. Despite the impact of
COVID-19
on host earnings and our business, as of September 30, 2020, our  host and active listing counts are stable since the end of 2019. We  believe the stability in our active listings highlights the resilience of our business model, which  does not require investment in fixed assets and real estate. In  addition, according to a survey we conducted in May and June 2020, 9 out  of 10 hosts surveyed said that they intend to continue hosting at least as often as before the COVID-19  pandemic when and where it is safe to do so.
Host Endowment Fund
We  have established a Host Endowment Fund that is designed to allow our  hosts to share in the success of our business. The goal of the Host Endowment Fund is to support and benefit our host community through a  variety of potential programs, initiatives, and grants. We want hosts to  share in our success, not merely for a single moment in time, but for  as long as Airbnb exists in the world. We intend the Host Endowment Fund to be a long-term investment in  the future of our host community, to be shaped by hosts for hosts. For  additional information, see the section titled “Description of Capital  Stock — Host Endowment Fund.”
Our Guests
Who are our guests?
From  young people to retirees, our guests come from a range of cultures and places. They  seek everything from budget stays to luxury accommodations in large  cities to remote villages. What they often have in common is a curiosity  about the world and open-mindedness to other people and cultures. While Airbnb is popular across people of  all ages, we are particularly strong with younger travelers: as of  September 30, 2020, the majority of our guests who have ever made a  booking on Airbnb were between the ages of 18 and 34. Our high level of guest satisfaction is evidenced by  82% of guest reviews during the twelve months ended September 30,  2020 having a
5-star
overall rating.
In  2019, 54 million active bookers worldwide booked 327 million  nights and experiences on our platform, and since our founding, there  have been over 825 million guest arrivals on Airbnb. Guest arrivals  represent an individual and all co-travelers included on a reservation  for a stay for completed check-ins during a given period. Because an  individual guest may take more than one trip in a measurement period for guest arrivals, such guest will be  counted separately for each check-in when calculating total guest  arrivals for a period. In comparison, a check-in represents a check-in  event for a single reservation for a stay or experience, regardless of the number of travelers or experience  participants.
Most  of our guests discover Airbnb organically, with approximately 91% of all traffic to Airbnb coming through direct or unpaid channels  during the nine months ended September 30, 2020. Guests are highly  engaged and contribute value for hosts and other guests: over 68% of  guests left reviews of their stays in 2019, and collectively, hosts and guests have written more than 430  million cumulative reviews as of September 30, 2020. Many of these  guests return to our platform; during 2019, 69% of our revenue was  generated by stays from repeat guests.
Why do guests choose Airbnb?
Guests can be hosted.
Whether guests stay with a host or have a home all to themselves, they can experience the cities they visit the same way locals do,  benefiting from the hospitality and local knowledge that our hosts  offer. For guests, this creates a connection to the places they visit  and the people they meet. This can ultimately foster a sense of belonging.
Guests can visit real neighborhoods.
From visiting local neighborhood coffeehouses, shops, grocers, restaurants, bakeries, parks, hikes, and bike paths, guests can  feel like part of a local community and discover a world right outside  their door. Having many locations to choose from allows guests to be  closer to where they need to be, whether it is visiting family, being close to a hospital, or near a  specific site of interest. In a survey of more than 19,000 guests in the  United States that we conducted in 2019, 74% of guests said that their  desire to explore a specific neighborhood was part of their decision to use Airbnb.
Guests can stay in unique spaces.
We believe we offer more unique homes than any other platform and that the majority of our listings, from igloos to treehouses and castles to boats, are only available on Airbnb.
Guests can feel at home.
Spaces on Airbnb have all the amenities of a place you can call home. Hosts can offer guests homes of all sizes with spacious backyards,  washing machines, comfortable living rooms, fully-stocked kitchens, and  even pools and book collections.
Guests can find superior value.
Based on our survey data, a majority of guests tell us they choose Airbnb to save money while traveling. Airbnb listings are often less expensive relative to average hotel
prices in the same city. In addition, listings on Airbnb often provide  greater value through more space and amenities, such as kitchens, than  options like chain hotels that typically provide only single rooms.
Guests can take any type of trip.
From nearby stays to international vacations, family gatherings to corporate meetings, and weekend getaways to multi-month  stays, Airbnb offers a wide range of accommodations for all types of  trips. In 2019, 39% of nights were from stays of at least 7 nights, and  14% of nights were from stays of at least 28 nights. In 2019, the average number of guests on an Airbnb stay  was 3 people, and 77% of nights were booked for entire homes.
Guests can stay anywhere.
Our  hosts offer listings for guests in approximately 100,000 cities, many of which are not served by hotels. As of September 30,  2020, over 1,000 cities had more than 1,000 Airbnb listings. And  according to a report that we commissioned in 2018, even in popular  destinations, at least
two-thirds
of our guest arrivals take place outside of traditional tourist districts.
Guests can have authentic experiences.
From making handmade pasta in Rome to studying music history in Havana, Airbnb Experiences offer tens of thousands of  experiences in communities around the world. Each Airbnb Experience is  authentic, unique, and personal, as only a select number of people can  participate at a time — Airbnb Experiences typically host a maximum of 6 to 10 people. Our hosts  connect with our guests, sharing their passions, cultures, and skills.  These activities also appeal to guests seeking experiences in their own  cities (i.e., while not traveling).
Guests can rely on a trusted platform.
The  Airbnb platform allows guests to find the listings that meet their needs and preferences and book with ease.  Guests can leverage our secure global payments platform to pay any host,  in all countries in which we operate and in all major currencies. In  addition, guests benefit from our community support team that is available to help with issues arising  before, during, or after a stay or experience and our trust innovations  that are designed to protect both hosts and guests on our platform.  Guests can rely on reviews to give them confidence about what they are booking as well as our guest refund  policy, which assures guests that Airbnb will rebook or refund a guest  if a listing does not meet our hosting standards.
How did
COVID-19
impact our guests?
Many of our guests have been unable to travel during the
COVID-19
pandemic. Despite this, demand from guests has grown for nearby stays, working remotely, and long-term stays, and  we believe the way people travel will fundamentally change. Since the  pandemic started, we have seen guests turn to Airbnb for new use cases,  such as living closer to family, living nomadically, and remote schooling. In a survey that we conducted  in March 2020, three out of four guests said they would be more  comfortable staying with their families in an Airbnb listing than in a  hotel with other people.
Guests  continue to come to Airbnb to search for travel. In September 2020,  direct and unpaid traffic increased on an absolute basis relative to September 2019 and accounted for 93% of our total traffic in the third  quarter of 2020 due to our reduced marketing spend.
Our Communities
In  2007, we began with a single listing on Rausch Street in San  Francisco’s SOMA district. Today, Airbnb operates in approximately 100,000 cities, ranging from large cities to small towns and rural  communities, in more than 220 countries and regions around the world.  Our business is intertwined with these communities, and we are focused  on seeing them thrive.
Airbnb  has a presence in nearly every corner of the world, and many of the  approximately 100,000 cities where our hosts have listings do not have traditional hotels or well-known tourist attractions. In 2011, there
were 12 cities with more than 1,000 Airbnb listings each; as of  September 30, 2020, over 1,000 cities had more than 1,000 Airbnb  listings each.
Similarly,  in 2011, only one city welcomed over 100,000 guest arrivals on Airbnb.  In 2019, more than 350 cities each welcomed over 100,000 guest arrivals, including Bandung, Indonesia; Barcelona, Spain; Cuernavaca,  Mexico; Sofia, Bulgaria; Ubatuba, Brazil; Albuquerque, New Mexico; and  Johannesburg, South Africa.
How do we serve the communities in which we operate?
create economic
stimulus.
Between  host income and guest discretionary spending, we believe the majority of the economic activity  on Airbnb remains in the neighborhoods where guests stay. Hosts  generally keep up to 97% of what they charge, and according to a 2019  survey of our host and guest community with more than 84,000 guest responses, 43% of guest spending occurred in  the neighborhoods where they stayed. Based on a 2019 survey that we  conducted in 30 countries and regions, our direct economic impact in  these countries from host earnings and guest spending was in aggregate nearly $117 billion in 2018 alone.
We are committed to being good partners.
We are guided by core principles, formalized by the Airbnb Community Compact, to treat each city personally, promote  responsible hosting, and help ensure that our community pays its fair  share of taxes. We have invested in creating tools to help cities to  more effectively enforce their regulations, and we have worked with thousands of local regulators,  policymakers, and other local leaders to engage with the communities in  which we operate. This engagement typically involves meetings between  hosts and their elected representatives. Finally, we have created an Office of Healthy Tourism  within Airbnb that is dedicated to supporting tourism that is more  local, diverse, and sustainable than mass tourism.
We offer support in times of crisis.
In  2012, a host was inspired to offer her space for free to people needing shelter after Hurricane Sandy. Moved by her  compassion, we created a broader program through which hosts offer their  spaces and we waive our service fees. Since then, hosts in 99 countries  have housed more than 75,000 people recovering from natural disasters, international refugees, or more  recently, frontline responders during
COVID-19.
Nonprofit partners like the International Rescue Committee, United  Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent,  and the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society advise the program and support  people in need of accommodation. Our initiative will continue to support  emergency response. In addition to annual funding by Airbnb, hosts are able to optionally donate a portion  of their earnings to the program, and community members can make  donations through our platform, to help house those in times of crisis.
Our Strengths
We have six core strengths that helped Airbnb create a new category and give us a competitive advantage:
Unique host community.
The more than 4 million hosts in our community are as unique as the homes and experiences they share. Hosts come to our platform  organically, offering stays and experiences in nearly every community  around the world. We attract new hosts through our community — hosts  recruit hosts, and guests often become hosts. 23% of our new hosts in 2019 were guests on our platform  first. We believe they offer more unique homes than any other platform  and that the majority of our listings are only available on Airbnb.  These 5.6 million active listings offer spaces for
every occasion and stay length and include approximately 90,000 cabins,  40,000 farms, 24,000 tiny homes, 5,600 boats, 3,500 castles, 2,800  yurts, 2,600 treehouses, 1,600 private islands, 300 lighthouses, and 140 igloos.
Engaged guest community
Our hosts have welcomed hundreds of millions of guest arrivals through Airbnb, and guests have become engaged members of our  community. They often come directly to our platform, actively  participate in our community, and return regularly to book again. Strong  word of mouth helps drive organic traffic directly to our website and mobile apps. Our guests contribute back to  our community, with 68% of them leaving reviews for their stays in 2019.  69% of our revenue in 2019 was generated by stays from repeat guests,  compared to 66% in 2018.
Globally recognized brand.
Our  brand is recognized globally, and it is one of our most valuable assets. “Airbnb” is used as a noun and a verb in countries  all over the world, and our brand is already deeply embedded in pop  culture. According to Google Trends, from January 2016 through September  2020, “Airbnb” was searched worldwide more often than any other major travel brand. The  power of our brand attracts people directly to our website and mobile  apps. During the nine months ended September 30, 2020,  approximately 91% of all traffic to Airbnb came organically through direct or unpaid channels.
Global network
Hosts  and guests attract each other to Airbnb, creating a global network across more than 220 countries and regions.  Our global network has allowed us to expand without the need to deploy  local operations in each city where we operate. Our early strength in  cross-border travel allowed us to enter new markets, where we were then able to grow domestic travel. As  our network grew, new hosts joined, which in turn attracted even more  guests. While
COVID-19
has  diminished cross-border travel, we believe that our global network will remain a key advantage as guests  seek to travel closer to home and ultimately return to international  travel.
Custom-built platform.
Our technology platform was built for the unique needs of our hosts and guests. For hosts, we offer global demand, activation and  merchandising, pricing recommendations, scheduling, integrated payments,  community support, host protections, reviews and feedback, and a  Superhost program. Our payments capabilities are unique in our industry in their global reach and critical to enabling  individual hosts to participate on our platform. For guests, Airbnb’s  website and mobile apps provide an engaging way to explore a vast world  of unique homes and experiences and an easy way to book them. We enable customizable wishlists,
in-app
messaging, and an easy way to leave reviews. We support 62 languages  and dialects to ensure that our platform is localized for our hosts and guests around the world. Our robust platform supports sophisticated  anti-fraud measures, multilingual real-time community safety and  support, and city-specific regulatory requirements. Our platform allows  us to more quickly adapt to the needs of our hosts and guests around the world and delivers deep business  intelligence insights to help us manage our marketplace.
Design-driven approach.
Since the beginning, design has been at the core of everything we do. It has enabled us to create a new category, design for trust between  hosts and guests, and create simple interfaces to make our products  delightful and easy to use. Our expertise in design has always driven us  to innovate and create something differentiated — product features, expanded possibilities for hosts and  guests, and more ways for people to connect.
Our Long-Term Growth Strategy
Our strategy is to continue to invest in our key strengths:
Unlock more hosting.
In  order to have enough selection for guests booking on our platform, we will continue to invest in growing the size and quality of our host  community. We plan to attract more hosts globally and expand new use  cases such as long-term stays. We will support emerging travel trends,  such as local travel and remote working, and design new ways to host. Finally, we will continue to  increase the support we provide our hosts to deliver high-quality stays  and experiences for guests. We plan to design new tools and services and  to offer comprehensive host training and education, partnering with hosts to teach the art and science of  great hosting. We believe that we have just scratched the surface of the  opportunities that hosting can provide.
Grow and engage our guest community.
We  intend to attract new guests to Airbnb and convert more of them into brand advocates. We will continue to focus on engaging  our existing guests to return to book and to use Airbnb with more  frequency. With new behaviors evolving during the
COVID-19
pandemic, we imagine the way that people approach work, living, and travel will  fundamentally change. We believe there will be opportunities to create  products based on these new behaviors and attract more guests to our  platform. Finally, we plan to develop new ways for our guests to connect with each other and to contribute  back to Airbnb.
Invest in our brand.
In  2019, while we had 247 million guest arrivals, we still only accounted for 3.8% of the estimated 6.5 billion overall  domestic and international paid overnight trips that year. We intend to  invest more deeply in our brand to educate new hosts and guests on the  benefits of Airbnb and the uniqueness of our offering. We also intend to leverage our brand by  creating a cohesive and integrated marketing strategy punctuated by  product launches that introduce new features to our community and  prospective hosts and guests.
Expand our global network.
We  plan to expand our global network in the countries in which we already have a deep presence, as well as to expand into markets where  our penetration is lower, such as India, China, Latin America,  Southeast Asia, and tens of thousands of smaller markets and remote  areas around the world. We will make Airbnb more accessible in more places by further localizing our product, and we  will partner with communities to update laws and regulations for  short-term rentals to allow more hosts to participate. As we attract  more hosts, even more guests are likely to come to Airbnb, attracting even more hosts. Finally, we plan to continue  to invest in our brand in China, Aibiying (
), to better serve our Chinese hosts and guests.
Innovate on our platform.
We will innovate both the online and
in-person
experiences for our hosts and our guests. Our innovation will be  focused on improving our host and guest experience, making Airbnb more  accessible and appealing for new hosts and guests and driving increased engagement and loyalty with our existing community.
Design new products and offerings.
We  will design new opportunities for connection. As the world continues to change, we will continue to bring together new  technologies with our design expertise to expand possibilities for our  hosts and offer new experiences for our guests. We will increase the  capabilities of our website and mobile apps while bringing an innovative approach to designing host and guest  interfaces in our products.
Our Strategy for Adapting to
COVID-19
We believe that the
COVID-19
pandemic reinforced that travel is an enduring human desire, even in the face of challenges. People have increasingly sought travel options closer to home during
COVID-19,
and Airbnb’s offerings are well suited to adapt to this changing  dynamic. We offer all types of accommodations, allowing guests to find spaces suited to their individual needs under  these circumstances. We have worked closely with our hosts, guests,  and communities to prioritize and support safe and responsible travel  during these challenging times and have adapted our offerings for changing trends in travel and  experiences:
Local travel.
We have seen increases in domestic and short-distance travel, with more guests gravitating toward Airbnb stays within driving distance of their  homes. Tapping into this demand, we updated our website and mobile apps  to actively promote available local and
non-urban
stays so guests can find something that fits their unique needs for location and desired length of time.
Nearby  Merchandising Editorial Content Nearby Map & Inventory Timely  merchandising campaigns focus on helping travelers find interesting, relevant options within driving distance. Long-form  editorial pieces act as inspiration and help set Airbnb up as an  authority on where to go and what to do there. Destination-first results  help people explore what's around them, even when they don't know exactly where to go yet.
Supporting hosts and guests
During  the COVID-19 pandemic, we applied our extenuating circumstances policy to a significant number of impacted  reservations. This policy allows hosts and guests to cancel  reservations that are disrupted by epidemics, natural disasters, and  other emergencies. To support our hosts and lessen the impact of cancellations under this policy, we
committed up to $250 million for hosts impacted by
COVID-19
and an additional $17 million fund for Superhosts, the majority of  which was distributed as of September 30, 2020. The eligible reservations for the  $250 million host program were defined as reservations made on or before  March 14, 2020 with a check-in date between March 14, 2020 and May  31, 2020. For these reservations, eligible hosts are entitled to receive 25% of the amount  they would have received from guests under the host’s cancellation  policies.
Cleaning.
We  have developed enhanced cleaning standards to support hosts and guests looking to travel safely and responsibly. These standards were  created in partnership with leading experts in hospitality and medical  hygiene and include a five-step cleaning process and
room-by-room
checklists.
Our  Global Enhanced Cleaning Mandate We require every host to agree to wear  a mask, practice social distancing with guests, and commit to our expert-backed 5-step enhanced cleaning process. Enhanced  Cleaning Education & Support We provide a cleaning education hub,  handbook (translated i every host has the clarity andnto 62 languages),  and easy access to supplies so support they need. "Enhanced Clean" Highlight As elevated the extra  safety measures hosts were taking to the most prominent spot on the  page.Our Global Enhanced Cleaning Mandate We require every host to agree  to wear a mask, practice social distancing with guests, and commit to our expert-backed 5-step enhanced  cleaning process. Enhanced Cleaning Education & Support We provide a  cleaning education hub, handbook (translated i every host has the  clarity and into 62 languages), and easy access to supplies so support they need. "Enhanced Clean" Highlight  As elevated the extra safety measures hosts were taking to the most  prominent spot on the page.
Partnering with communities.
We  are working with a variety of destination marketing organizations, which are groups that promote travel in a  particular city or region, to help market their communities to guests  and who can in turn help stimulate local economies. We continue to  operate the Frontline Stays initiative, where hosts have opted in to provide over 200,000 places to stay for
COVID-19
first responders and healthcare workers.
Online experiences.
We launched Airbnb Online Experiences in April 2020 to allow our hosts to offer experiences online while
in-person
activities were paused due to
COVID-19
restrictions.
In-person
experiences restarted in
mid-June,
beginning with countries where it was safe to do so based on guidance from health experts and local governments.
interactive  and Completely Online Amazing Hosts Curated for Quality Online Experiences are the perfect date night, family activity,  or team offsite while many of us are staying home. From Olympic athletes  to pasta-making Nonnas, Online Experiences showcases an amazing range  of passionate hosts. Every experience is vetted for host expertise, insider access, and connection.
Going forward, we believe new behaviors will emerge from this crisis. After a prolonged period of time working remotely, for some, work-from-home will become
work-from-any-home,
and the line between traveling and living will blur. The
once-a-year,
two-week
vacation will be stretched into extended stays, and people will want to  feel connected to the new communities they stay in. And after continued time spent in isolation,  people will yearn for human connection and new experiences. We will be  designing for this new world.
Our Market Opportunity
We  have a substantial market opportunity in the growing travel market and  experience economy. We view our opportunity in terms of a SAM, which we  believe we address today, and a TAM, which we believe we can address  over the long term. These numbers correspond to our GBV on which we collect fees that are recognized as our revenue.
We  estimate our SAM today to be $1.5 trillion, including $1.2 trillion for  short-term stays and $239 billion for experiences. To arrive at our short-term stays  market size, we use our own estimates based on available regional data  on overnight paid trips, nights per trip, and ADR. We use Euromonitor  estimates of tourist spend on attractions and experiences, including spas but excluding casinos, to  estimate the size of our experiences SAM of $239 billion. We define  short-term stays as stays on our platform of fewer than 28 nights  and long-term stays as those of at least 28 nights. Although 14% of nights booked in 2019 and 24% for  the nine months ended September 30, 2020 were for long-term stays,  we have excluded long-term stays from our SAM to provide a more  conservative view of our near-term opportunity.
We  estimate our TAM to be $3.4 trillion, including $1.8 trillion for  short-term stays, $210 billion for long-term stays, and $1.4 trillion for experiences. For short-term stays, we assume an  increase in trips per capita in line with expected travel market growth.  For long-term stays, we calculate that we can address our estimate for  the entire $48 billion global serviced apartment market and 10% of the $1.6 trillion global  residential rental market, or $162 billion. For experiences, we add  $1.1 trillion of
non-tourist
recreational spend, as estimated by Euromonitor, to the $239 billion of experience spending by tourists  included in our SAM. Our business and our market opportunity is global.  We estimate that our $3.4 trillion TAM includes $1.5 trillion in the  Asia Pacific region, $1.0 trillion in EMEA, $0.7 trillion in North America, and $0.2 trillion in Latin  America.
We  have estimated key components of our SAM and TAM using 2019 actual figures and believe our market opportunity can grow over the long  term at the rate of travel spending. In a November 2019 report, The  World Travel and Tourism Council estimated that travel spend will grow  at a 3.5% compounded annual growth rate from 2019 to 2030. We have estimated our TAM using data for 2019,  and therefore no statistics and estimates reflect the impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic on the travel market. While the current travel market remains unpredictable, we believe estimates made prior to the  COVID-19 pandemic to be the best representation of our long-term travel  opportunity.
Nights SAM and TAM
Our  nights opportunity includes short-term and long-term stay  accommodations spending for both leisure and business travel in more  than 220 countries and regions around the world. To arrive at our market opportunity size,  we use several calculations based on third-party data where available,  and where not available, we use our own estimates based on our  experience in the travel market. Estimates for our TAM are based on our belief that new travel behaviors will  expand our market opportunity over time.
To  calculate our SAM, we use the Euromonitor estimate of 14.3 billion overnight trips worldwide in  2019. This includes domestic trips with the destination and origin in  the same country and international trips. We
use Euromonitor’s estimated business and leisure overnight trips, data  from the UNWTO, and our own assumption regarding the share of business  and leisure trips that are paid in order to determine paid overnight trips. We estimate that all business trips, 25%  of domestic leisure trips, and 69% of international leisure trips  involve paid accommodations. Based on this, we have estimated the number  of overnight trips that occur in paid accommodations to be 6.5 billion, 45% of the 14.3 billion  overnight trips.
As  illustrated in Table 1, we calculate a nights SAM of $1.2 trillion based on our estimate of 6.5 billion overnight paid trips  in 2019. To calculate our nights SAM, we have assumed 2.5 nights per  trip for domestic trips and 4.0 nights per trip for international trips  based on historical activity on our platform and using Euromonitor’s estimated mix of business and leisure  trips. We used data from STR reports to derive the regional ADR figures  used in our estimates.
Table 1: Nights SAM
(in billions, except ADR)
Overnight
Paid Trips
Room
Nights
Domestic Stays
International Stays
Total
11.8
1,248
In  Table 2, we illustrate the increase in short-term stays from our SAM to  our TAM, driven both by the growth in the number of annual trips taken per person over the next 11 years as well  by an increase in the population. We calculate that the average global  overnight paid trips per capita was 0.84x in 2019 and will grow to 1.11x  by 2030. We estimate this using population data from the United Nations Department of Economic and  Social Affairs and forecast travel spend to 2030 according to The World  Travel and Tourism Council. In a 2018 survey of our guests, 74%  responded that Airbnb is best for trips to explore new areas, and we believe a portion of nights on our platform  were for trips that guests would not have taken without Airbnb. We  believe that trend will continue and that Airbnb will help to grow the  broader travel market as well as the number of trips per capita taken globally. With this increase in trips  per capita as well as growth in the population, we arrive at a market  size of $1.8 trillion. To calculate the number of short-term stays used  in our TAM calculation, we use the same assumptions as in our SAM calculation for the split between  domestic and international trips, business and leisure trips, and  regional ADR estimates.
Table 2: Expansion of Short-Term Stays
(in billions, except per capita information)
Overnight
Paid Trips
Population
Trips per
Capita
Spend
2019
0.84x
1,248
2030
1.11x
1,826
In  addition to increasing the number of trips in our nights TAM, we  believe we can address the broader long-term stay market through our community of hosts. We believe we can address  the global serviced apartments market through our platform, which we  value at $48 billion using data on the number of global serviced  apartments from the Apartments Service and our global blended ADR assumption. Additionally, The Business  Research Company has estimated that the global real estate rental  expenditure on residential buildings and dwellings will be $1.6 trillion  in 2020. In 2018, 13% of nights booked on Airbnb were for stays 28 days or longer. In 2019, 14% of nights booked  on Airbnb were for stays 28 days or longer, growing to 24% for the nine  months ended September 30, 2020. While there is no third-party data  available
to estimate the size of the market for long-term stays, we believe that  we can address 10% of the global real estate rental market, or  $162 billion, with long-term stays on our platform. With these components, we calculate our incremental long-term stay TAM  to be $210 billion. Table 3 illustrates the components of our  nights TAM.
Table 3: Nights TAM
(in $ billions)
Short-Term Stays
1,826
Serviced Apartments
Addressable Rent Spend
2,036
Experiences SAM and TAM
We  define our experiences SAM as $239 billion of spend by travelers  on attractions, including spas but excluding casinos in 2019. We believe  we can continue to expand our platform use cases to enable people to  discover and explore their own cities through Airbnb. Accordingly, we  define our experiences TAM as our experiences SAM plus the addition of  $1.1 trillion of spend from local residents on recreational and cultural attractions including sporting  events, amusement parks, summer camps, and more. This results in an  experiences TAM of $1.4 trillion, based on Euromonitor estimates  for 2019 spend.
Our  Market Opportunity Note: The figures presented in these tables and  chart may not sum from components due to rounding. In addition, all Euromonitor figures represent 2019 historical actuals, in current prices  from Euromonitor International, Travel 2021 edition, population data  was sourced from World Population Prospects: The 2017 Revision, by the  United Nations Population Division, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, June 2017, and UNWTO data was  sourced from World Tourism Organization (2019), International Tourism  Highlights, 2019 Edition, UNWTO, Madrid © UNWTO, 92844/17/20. Used with  the permission of the United Nations.
Our Platform
Our Platform for Hosts
Hosts have  a variety of needs, and we are focused on designing solutions to serve  them. We built our platform to seamlessly onboard new hosts, especially  those who previously had not considered hosting. We partner with hosts  throughout the process of setting up their listing and provide them with a robust suite of tools  to successfully manage their listings, including scheduling,  merchandising, integrated payments, community support, host protections,  pricing recommendations, and feedback from reviews. We are constantly innovating our platform to deliver new tools  and services to make hosting easier and empower hosts to earn income  doing what they love.
Discover  Hosting List Your Space Get Pricing Help We show potential hosts how  much they can earn, the ways we'll support them, and how to get started listing their space. Hosts describe their space, add  photos, and choose their booking settings. We share tips every step of  the way. We offer tools that automatically adjust hosts' prices based on  demand in their area, helping them to get more bookings.
Choose  When to Host Track local trends Get Feedback Hosts use the calendar to  open dates for guests, block dates from getting booked, and set custom pricing if they like. We surface key data and  insights, informing hosts how to update their settings and amenities to  attract more guests. We share guest reviews with hosts, suggest ways to  improve, and give them support to build their business.
Our Platform for Guests
Airbnb’s  website and mobile apps provide our guests with an engaging way to  explore a vast world of unique homes and experiences and an easy way to book them. Whether they are traveling locally or internationally,  for work or for pleasure, for a few nights or a few months, guests can  find homes that meet their personal preferences and needs. For guests  looking for
one-of-a-kind
activities in the places they are traveling to, or in the communities where they live, a world of experiences is now at their fingertips. We enable customizable wishlists for guests in the planning stage of travel,
in-app
guest-to-host
messaging before, during, and after a trip, and an easy way to leave reviews that contribute back to the Airbnb community.
Homepage  Search Stays Our homepage showcases inspiring, browsable content that  highlights the product's range, and shows off the best of our inventory. Location-first search gets our guests right to  the inventory they're looking for. Inventory can be browsed through an  interactive map or listing cards with photos and other details.
Listings  Wishlists Checkout The listing for each stay tells potential guests  everything they need to know through photos, reviews from past guests, and more. Wishlists let people plan trips  collaboratively or save their favorite finds for later. Airbnb follows  the highest global security standards for payment processing and  supports 40 currencies. Guests review trip details and pay all on one simplified screen.
Map  & Inventory Search Filters listings In addition to the map and  listing cards, experience search results can also be browsed by category, like "Cooking" or "Yoga." A tight set of filters help  people find the right type of experience. Airbnb also offers custom  filters for companies looking to book group outings or offsites. Each  experience's listing helps potential guests get to know their host through videos and other engaging content.
Reservation  details Messaging Reviews Everything a guest needs to know before,  during, or after their trip is stored on one clear, easy-to-follow page. Airbnb's messaging tool lets guests ask questions,  get to know their host , and easily coordinate things like check-in and  directions. Reviews are core piece of Airbnb's platform. They help other  guests find the right fit (and let hosts know what they're doing well, and what they could do better.)  On Your Trip
Our System of Trust
One  of our core innovations has been the design of a system that allows  millions of strangers to trust one another. Hosts and guests have the  ability to communicate before booking, pay through our secure payments platform,  and post reviews after their stays or experiences. Our trust team works  to protect our community by deploying risk scoring, fraud detection,  screening, verification, and other technologies and processes that vary depending on the region. Our  trained safety agents are available should our hosts and guests need to  reach us, and we offer additional support to our community through our  Host Guarantee, Host Protection Insurance, and Experience Protection Insurance.
Through  our trust innovations, our goal is to make Airbnb stays and experiences  safe for hosts, guests, and communities. For the twelve months ended September 30,  2020, only 0.137% of stays and experiences on Airbnb had a  safety-related issue reported by a host or guest. Over that same period,  only 0.053% of stays had a significant claim of $500 or higher paid out for property damage under our Host Guarantee  Program.
The system for trust that we have designed includes the following components:
Reviews.
After  every stay and experience, hosts and guests have the opportunity to  post a review. Reviews are only made public once both hosts and guests have had  a chance to complete their reviews or the review period expires in  order to promote honesty in the process. As of September 30, 2020,  our hosts and guests had written more than 430 million cumulative reviews, and during 2019, 85% of all  stays had at least one review by a host or a guest.
Secure
messaging
account protection
We take a number of measures  designed to safeguard host and guest Airbnb accounts and to ensure  secure messaging between hosts and guests, including requiring  multi-factor authentication when a login is attempted from a suspicious device and sending account alerts when  certain changes are made.
Risk
scoring
We use predictive analytics and machine learning to evaluate hundreds of signals that help us flag and investigate  fraudulent accounts, potential account takeovers, credit card fraud, or  other suspicious activity as part of our ongoing efforts to try to stop  bad actors from harming Airbnb or our community. The extent of these practices varies depending on the country  or region.
Secure
payments
Our secure platform helps ensure that guest payments are received by hosts. We frequently remind guests to always  pay through Airbnb and never wire money or pay a host directly.
Watchlist and
background checks.
For hosts and guests based in the United States, we conduct online background checks, which include state  criminal background, and public record checks in connection with their  first transaction on our platform and in some instances, we re-run these  checks periodically thereafter. We also conduct host background checks in India prior to the first transaction.  We check all of our hosts and guests against certain regulatory,  terrorist, and sanctions watchlists to increase safety for all parties.
Cleanliness.
We  support the health of hosts, guests, and communities through our expert-backed five-step enhanced cleaning process, which is based on the  enhanced cleaning protocol we developed in partnership with leading  experts in hospitality and medical hygiene. Our protocol includes a  five-step cleaning process and
room-by-room
checklists. We also provide hosts with extensive written and  audiovisual resources, including the enhanced cleaning protocol and  room-by-room checklists, that contain best practices that can help hosts implement our cleaning  standards.
Fraud and
scam prevention.
We  remind guests to always communicate, book, and pay through the Airbnb website or mobile apps. This helps  ensure guests are protected from fraudulent behavior. We evaluate  several signals associated with listings before they go live to help us  investigate fraudulent inventory from being added to our platform. We maintain a team of fraud prevention agents who  use technology solutions and manual screening to catch attempts to  defraud our users and have a team available 24/7 for support.
Insurance and
rotections
Our Host Guarantee Program protects hosts against property damage of up to $1 million. We have  introduced Host Protection Insurance and Experience Protection  Insurance, which provide liability insurance of up to $1 million to  protect our hosts against qualifying third-party claims for personal injury or property damage.
Booking restrictions
In an effort to reduce the number of potential unauthorized house parties facilitated through our platform,  we have implemented restrictions on certain local entire home bookings  made by guests under the age of 25 with fewer than three positive  reviews or more than one negative review. These restrictions apply in the United States, Canada, and certain other  regions. We also restrict certain last-minute bookings in some regions.
Urgent
Safety Line
We  provide an Urgent Safety Line that is available 24/7 in English to ensure that hosts and guests who experience  safety issues while on a trip receive an instant response. We also have  a Safety Center built into our online product that provides hosts and  guests with a single source of safety resources including security checklists and safe hosting and safe  travel tips.
24/7
Neighborhood Support Line
We provide a 24/7 Neighborhood Support Line in English and an online portal that allows  neighbors and community members to contact us with any issues related to  Airbnb that may be impacting them.
Guest
refund policy
If a guest checks into a listing that does not meet our hosting standards, Airbnb may rebook the guest to a  new listing of equal or greater value, or the guest will get 100% of his  or her money back.
In  addition to these components, we have new initiatives in the pipeline  and will continue to create additional features to strengthen the trust  and safety on our platform. Designing for trust has been a core principle  from the very beginning, and as we innovate new ways for strangers to  trust one another, we make it possible for more connections to be made.
Design
Since  the beginning, design has been at the core of nearly everything we do. We approach many of our  decisions as design problems. Design at Airbnb is more than the way  something looks — it is how something fundamentally works. It defines  how someone experiences and perceives Airbnb, from the big idea to the smallest detail. Design makes the  complex simple, and is critical to facilitate trust and connection.
We  are driven by the belief that people yearn for connection and that there is a  way to design for this. We pursue big and ambitious ideas that take  shape as we combine intuition and data to inform our approach. We  believe that every interaction that our hosts and guests have with us, no matter how small, defines their  overall experience with Airbnb — and ultimately our brand.
Our Technology
We  built our technology platform to power our global network of hosts and  guests. As of September 30, 2020, we had approximately 1,460 engineers within our product development  organization. Given the nature of the business, our technology platform  has broad and complex requirements:
Our core platform supports global payment capabilities, multilingual real-time community safety and support, and city-specific product requirements, and it contains sophisticated anti-fraud measures.
It delivers deep business intelligence insights to manage our marketplace, including pricing insights and occupancy optimization for our hosts.
It incorporates sophisticated machine learning to power key areas, from fraud detection to enabling customized and real-time community support.
To allow us to respond even more rapidly and efficiently to evolving consumer needs, we are moving our platform from a legacy monolith to a service-oriented architecture.
Our  transition to a service-oriented architecture is only one part of a plan to make our core business capabilities available as  granular services that accelerate creation of new products and  offerings. This work will continue as we build a platform that is  increasingly robust, agile, and efficient. In parallel, we will continue to develop our foundational technology with a  focus on the following broad capabilities:
Data management systems that continue to support user privacy, analytics, machine learning, and business insights.
Service reliability leading to
best-in-class
performance centered on availability, latency, disaster recovery and  business continuity, security, testability, observability, operability,  and agility.
Cloud support focusing on robust capabilities for granular attribution and usage patterns to realize efficiency gains. We currently rely primarily on Amazon Web Services to provide cloud computing services.
Our  aim in making these investments is to continue to develop a robust platform that  allows us to more quickly adapt to the needs of our hosts and guests  around the world and increase the productivity of our product  development organization.
Our Marketing
Our  marketing strategy includes brand marketing, communications, and performance marketing.  Brand marketing increases awareness among potential hosts and guests,  helping them understand the benefits of hosting and booking stays and  experiences and what makes these stays and experiences distinctly Airbnb. Our communications team works across  press, policy, and influencers to share timely and important news about  Airbnb. They also oversee the execution of a global consumer, product,  corporate, and policy communications plan that supports our brand strategy and generates  considerable press and social media coverage. While performance  marketing drives additional traffic from high-intent prospective guests,  the strength of the Airbnb brand and our communications strategy allows us to be less reliant on performance  marketing.
In  March 2020, we paused our sales and marketing investments in new initiatives and our performance marketing spend. Going forward, as  the travel environment continues to recover from the impact of COVID-19,  we have implemented a marketing strategy that will shift our marketing  mix more towards brand marketing spend and away from spending on performance marketing. In future  periods, we anticipate that the increase in brand marketing spend from  2019 levels will be less than the reduction in performance marketing  spend from 2019 levels. As a result, we expect to have lower total sales and marketing expense in 2021, in both  dollars and as a percentage of revenue, relative to 2019.
As  we shift our paid investments to brand marketing and focus our internal resources to  strengthen the infrastructure that supports our unpaid channels, we are  expecting our visitor mix to shift further toward direct and unpaid  channels, which represented 77% of traffic in 2019 and has shifted to approximately 91% of traffic in the  first nine months of 2020. Based on our analysis of our performance  marketing spend in 2019 and our results to date in 2020, we believe this  strategy will allow us to maintain or increase overall traffic levels with lower performance marketing spend.  Despite our material pull-back in performance
marketing and the dramatically negative impact of the pandemic on the  global travel market in 2020, our direct and unpaid traffic returned to  2019 levels as of the third quarter of 2020. We believe our marketing strategy will strengthen our brand positioning,  improve our direct and unpaid channel traffic acquisition, and enable us  to more quickly react and respond to risks and opportunities.
Our Community Support
We  have a global community support team that offers 24/7 assistance in English and  Mandarin, real-time voice support in 11 languages during business hours,  live chat in 8 languages, and text support in over 20 languages to help  with issues that arise before, during, or after a stay or experience.
As  of September 30, 2020, we relied on a network of approximately  6,680 third-party partners that are spread across 25 sites, and individuals who work from home around the  world to handle the vast majority of our community support contacts; our  internal employees are a mix of operations teams who handle complex and  sensitive issues and enablement teams who support all community-facing teams, including our partners. We  are proud of our approach to working with partners and our deep  relationships with them.
Our Employees
Hosts are at the center of our community, and our employees are at the center of our company. The people who work at Airbnb define Airbnb.
As of September 30, 2020, we had 5,465 employees in 24 cities around the world. Because of the
COVID-19
crisis, we made the difficult decision to reduce our workforce by  approximately 1,800 employees in May 2020, which was approximately a quarter of our workforce at the time. It was important  that we had a clear set of principles, guided by our core values, for  how we would approach reductions in our workforce. We focused on  treating each departing employee in a compassionate manner.
Our Culture
The  most defining part of working at Airbnb is our culture. Our culture is  one of the main things that attracts people to work at Airbnb, and it is  a key ingredient to our success.
Airbnb  was born with a creative spirit, much like the design school  environment at the Rhode Island School of Design, where Brian and Joe went to school together. Just like their  time together at design school, they envisioned a close-knit community  that accepted people in all of their eccentricities and allowed them to  be themselves, inspiring them to do their best, most creative work. But Airbnb is not just a creative  culture. We sit at the intersection of art and science, a commitment  that started when Nate, an engineer, joined Brian and Joe, both  designers. It is this marriage of art and science — of the scientific method with the creative process — that produces  work that captures people’s imaginations.
Our  culture is optimistic, with people who are passionate about our mission, caring  about others, and curious about the world. We took the unique  characteristics of the people at Airbnb and distilled them to four  values:
Champion the mission.
Our employees are deeply passionate about connection and belonging, and the product that we make to deliver this. In fact, many of our  employees are people from our host and guest community whom we hired.
Be a host.
Our employees are the kind of people who like caring for others and making them feel like they belong, just like the hosts in our community.
Embrace the adventure.
Our employees are curious and optimistic — you have to be an optimistic person to believe that the idea of Airbnb is a good one, and  you have to be curious about other people and cultures to want to  connect with them.
Be a cereal entrepreneur.
Our employees are bold and resourceful. “Cereal entrepreneur” refers to the time when AirbedandBreakfast.com was  struggling to earn revenue, and Brian and Joe decided to sell  collectible breakfast cereal during the U.S. presidential election in  2008. They created and sold Obama O’s and Cap’n McCain’s and earned nearly $30,000, enough to keep Airbnb going.
Every person who joins Airbnb, from board members and executives to college new hires, must share these four attributes.
Most  importantly, we believe that whatever we want to happen outside the walls of Airbnb should first start inside Airbnb. This  starts with our own employees. In this way, our culture is the source of  all future innovation, and a North Star for how people in our community  should treat each other.
Diversity and Belonging
At Airbnb,  diversity and belonging is more than a corporate responsibility — it is  central to what we stand for. We attract a diverse group of people and  welcome their varied knowledge, experiences, and backgrounds. Through  our hiring process, we commit to encouraging diversity and eliminating bias, and we publish the  changing demographic makeup of our workforce to hold ourselves  accountable.
As  of December 31, 2019, approximately 50% of our global employees  were women using the gender binary. We have set a goal for ourselves by  the end of 2025 to have 20% of our product development and information  technology employees be under-represented minorities at all levels and  50% of employees at all levels be women, using the gender binary. Most  recently, in June 2020, we announced a commitment that 20% of our Board of Directors and Executive Team,  collectively, will be people of color by the end of 2021.
Battling Discrimination on Airbnb
Airbnb  is centered around belonging, and discrimination is a central obstacle  to it. Just as discrimination exists in society, it exists in the Airbnb community, and we are  committed to combating it. In 2016, we began taking steps to address  discrimination on Airbnb.
First,  we created the Airbnb Nondiscrimination Policy, which we required every  host and guest to agree to in order to use Airbnb. If a host or guest does not agree to the policy, they are removed from our platform. Since  2016, approximately 1.4 million people have been removed from  Airbnb for declining to agree to this policy.
Next, we did a comprehensive review of our platform and instituted the following initial measures:
We created an anti-discrimination team of technical professionals that work to fight bias and discrimination;
We changed the way we show profile photos so hosts only see a guest’s photo after a reservation is confirmed; and
We distributed an antiracism guide to our hosts and guests in the United States.
Most  recently, in June 2020, we launched Project Lighthouse, our most  significant leap forward in battling discrimination. This groundbreaking  project was launched in partnership with Color of Change, the nation’s largest  online racial justice organization, along with guidance from civil  rights groups and privacy rights
organizations. Project Lighthouse will measure discrimination on Airbnb  based on perception. These perceptions will be aggregated and used to  identify and measure discrepancies in people’s experiences that could be the result of discrimination. We will use the  findings from Project Lighthouse to inform and design our products and  policies to combat racial discrimination that Black guests and other  people of color face when using Airbnb.
Our Regulatory Approach
Our  global policy team partners with local communities and governments to  ensure all stakeholders experience the benefits of healthy tourism. We encourage active dialogue among our global communities about responsible  home sharing policies, formalizing these efforts through hundreds of  partnerships with governments and
non-governmental
organizations.
Airbnb Community Compact
In 2015,  we created the Airbnb Community Compact to guide our policy efforts  with cities and local governments in the communities we serve. This  formalized three guiding principles for how we work with communities:
Treat cities personally and help ensure our community pays its fair share of lodging taxes.
We seek to partner with cities to address their  individual policy needs. We have supported policies that prohibit  short-term rentals in subsidized housing and limit listings to primary  residences in rent-stabilized units and those that prohibit landlords who evict long-term tenants to rent their  properties on short-term rental platforms. We contribute to tax revenue  for cities, which are often able to direct this revenue to support  critical services, such as affordable housing. In many jurisdictions, we have agreed to collect and remit  lodging taxes to local governments directly on behalf of our hosts and  have developed tools to be able to do so. As of September 30, 2020, we  had collected and remitted over $2.6 billion in lodging taxes worldwide. In other jurisdictions,  hosts are responsible for collecting and remitting lodging taxes to  their local governments, and we provide hosts with tools and information  to help them pay taxes that they may owe.
Build an open and transparent community.
We believe that cities can make the best policy decisions about home sharing when important data is made available to  them. While protecting the privacy of our hosts and guests, we provide  relevant metrics, such as aggregated information regarding hosts and  guests in our community, to city officials to help inform the development of home sharing policies. In  September 2020, we launched the Airbnb City Portal that allows  governments and tourism organizations to directly connect with the  Airbnb platform to access high-level local and global Airbnb data insights, to leverage compliance tools, and to  receive direct access to Airbnb team members for support.
Promote responsible home sharing to make cities stronger.
We  seek to educate communities and support local governments in shaping policy that promotes  responsible home sharing. We take proactive action in cities around the  world against listings that have the potential to cause
quality-of-life
issues or that do not fit with the expectations of our community.
Airbnb’s Office of Healthy Tourism
In 2018, we established our Office of Healthy Tourism, an initiative to broaden and deepen our partnerships with governments,
non-governmental
organizations, local
non-profits,
and destination marketing organizations to support tourism that is more local, diverse, and sustainable than mass tourism.
Local.
Based on a survey that we conducted in 2019, we estimated that host earnings and guest spending together generated nearly $117 billion in direct economic activity in our top 30 countries and
regions.  The survey also showed that on average, 43% of Airbnb guest spending  occurred in the neighborhoods where they stayed. According to the survey, 87% of hosts  said they recommend local restaurants and cafes, and 82% said they  recommend businesses that are locally owned. In addition, more than half  of hosts said they recommend that their guests visit areas not well-known among tourists. Among guests, of  those who received recommendations from their hosts, 81% reported  following them, while 52% of all guests said they would not have visited  the neighborhood of their Airbnb listing or Airbnb Experience had they not booked there.
Diverse.
In 2011, only 12 cities around the world had more than 1,000 Airbnb  listings each; today, more than 1,000 cities do. In 2011, only one city had  welcomed over 100,000 guest arrivals at Airbnb listings; in 2019, more  than 350 cities each welcomed over 100,000 guest arrivals. Not only have  our guests broadened the scope of their travel, but our host base has diversified as well. We are proud  that in 2019, more than half of our hosts in the United States were  women. We also partner with the NAACP (National Association for the  Advancement of Colored People) and LULAC (League of United Latin American Citizens) to bring the benefits of  hosting to more communities of color.
Sustainable.
According to a survey conducted by us in 2019, 82% of hosts said they  used one or more green practices in their hosting, such as using bulk  toiletries or promoting recycling or guest use of public transportation.  Airbnb also enables cities to host large events, such as the Olympics,  without the need to build additional permanent housing infrastructure.
Regulatory Considerations in Our Largest Cities
We  operate in approximately 100,000 cities across more than 220 countries  and regions, and we are subject to various local laws and restrictions  at the city, state, and country level. These laws and restrictions are  dynamic. Many were instituted decades ago and did not envision Airbnb.  We seek to work with governments to establish clear, fair, and workable  home sharing rules to create clarity for our hosts. As of October 2019, approximately 70% of our top  200 cities by revenue before adjustments for incentives and refunds  have some form of regulation.
In  2019 and the first nine months of 2020, no single city accounted for  more than 1.5% of our listings or 2.5% of our revenue before adjustments  for incentives and refunds. Additionally, in 2019 and in the first nine  months of 2020, 11.9% and 6.8%, respectively, of our revenue before  adjustments for incentives and refunds came from our top 10 cities.  Incentives include our referral programs and marketing promotions to encourage the use of our platform and attract  new customers, while our refunds to customers are part of our customer  support activities. We do not believe that the current regulations in  our top 10 cities, in the aggregate, have had or are expected to have a material adverse impact on  our results of operations and financial condition. We have included  information regarding the regulatory landscape for our largest 10 cities  as measured by our revenue for 2019 before adjustments for incentives and refunds.
London, United Kingdom:
Since 2015, regulations have permitted residential properties, both primary and
non-primary
residences, in Greater London to be used for short-term rentals,  without planning permission, for up to 90 nights per year. We were the  first platform to voluntarily apply this
90-day
limit, and in 2019 we publicly backed the Mayor’s proposal to introduce a simple host registration system in Greater London.
New York City, United States:
In New York City,
non-owner
occupied short-term  rentals are permitted in single and double family homes if the property  is compliant with applicable safety and building codes. Short-term  rentals are also permitted in multi-family buildings when a host is present, there are fewer than 3  guests, the guests have unobstructed access to every room and each exit,  which includes no internal locks on doors, and the property is  compliant with applicable safety and
building  codes. In June 2018, New York City enacted a law requiring short-term  rental platforms to disclose detailed data on hosts and listings to the city on a monthly  basis for any unhosted stay in excess of four nights in a quarter. In  August 2018, we and another industry participant filed a lawsuit against  the city contending this law to be unconstitutional. In January 2019, a judge granted a preliminary  injunction stopping the law from going into effect. We settled our  lawsuit with New York City in June 2020 and under the terms of the  settlement, the city ordinance was amended to reduce the number of listings subject to data sharing (only upon the  consent of the host) and to provide for the confidentiality of data. The  revised ordinance will go into effect in January 2021.
Paris, France:
France  has national legislation on short-term rentals with a limit of 120 days per year on primary residences, but that limit does not  apply to rooms in a home. For short-term rentals of investment  properties in Paris, a “change of use” permit is required if they were  not previously rented out as a commercial activity. Two property owners challenged that requirement and  there is a decision pending before the courts to determine the  suitability of the permit system; a decision is expected in 2021. Paris  also introduced registration obligations in December 2017 requiring short-term rental platforms to exclude  listings without registration numbers, which we believe is not compliant  with EU law. The city of Paris commenced two cases against us relating  to this obligation: the first was dismissed in March 2019 and the second is pending. We continue to engage  with the city of Paris and the national government to find a workable  solution for the regulation of short-term rentals.
Los Angeles, United States:
Los Angeles requires permits for short-term rentals of primary residences. Hosts of short-term rentals are required to register with  the city and are required to obtain an extended home sharing permit to  host more than 120 days per year. We are actively engaged with the city  to craft a Vacation Rental Ordinance. The City Planning Commission approved the ordinance in  December 2019 and the ordinance is pending at the City Council, that  would allow for short-term rental of
non-primary
residences subject to registration and night cap restrictions. City regulations also require  short-rental platforms to ensure that listings are compliant. In  November 2019, we entered into an agreement with Los Angeles, which  provides for an automated process to verify listing registrations, with the aim of achieving a stable regulatory  environment for hosts and guests.
Rome, Italy:
In 2017, Rome introduced online registration requirements for  short-term rentals, but no distinction is made between primary and secondary homes  nor are there any caps or zoning restrictions. In June 2020, we signed a  voluntary tax collection agreement with the Municipality of Rome to  collect and remit local tourist tax. On a national level, since 2018, the government has been working to  introduce further short-term rental registration and host income tax  requirements and has been considering requiring platforms to display  registration numbers. We continue to engage with the government and support a national online registration scheme.
Barcelona, Spain:
In 2002, Barcelona introduced regulations requiring lessors renting out entire homes for under 31 days to file a responsibility statement with  the municipality prior to listing their home, and to display the  registration number on their listing page. Zoning law limits total  listings to just over 9,000 after a recent rescission of licenses by the Barcelona City Hall. Working to support  the city’s objectives, we have voluntarily introduced a requirement on  new hosts to include a registration number or claim an exemption.
Tokyo, Japan:
In June 2018, a new national law in Japan went into effect to legalize the short-term rental of primary and secondary residences for up to 180 nights per fiscal year. Under the law, hosts
are  required to register their listing with the local government. We are  also required to register with the Japanese Tourism Agency, as an intermediary, and the law  prohibits any registered intermediary from intermediating an illegal  listing, including unregistered listings. We are required to remove  listings that do not post a valid registration or license number in the listing. At the time of the law’s  implementation, there was a steep decline in listings as we took down
non-compliant
listings, and we canceled associated reservations. The rate of listings has since recovered as of December 31, 2019. We will  continue to work closely with the Japanese authorities on supporting the  Tokyo Olympics in 2021 and on reviewing the national law starting in  2021.
Toronto, Canada:
In December 2017, short-term rental regulations were enacted in  Toronto. Among the main requirements, hosts must register with the city, the  listing must be the host’s primary residence, hosts can rent up to three  rooms or their entire home, and there is a
180-night
cap per year on entire home listings. The regulations became effective in  September 2020, and the city indicated that all hosts will need to be  registered as short-term rental operators by late fall 2020. In  addition, short-term rental platforms will be required to obtain a license from the city and ensure that all listings  have valid registration numbers and provide a process for removal of
non-compliant
listings.
San Diego, United States:
San  Diego does not currently impose any restrictions on short-term rentals other than a prohibition on the short-term rental of  accessory companion units. San Diego is considering a new short-term  rental law that would require registration of short-term rentals in both  primary residences and non-primary residences, and the number of dedicated rentals may be limited.
Lisbon, Portugal:
Short-term rentals in Portugal are restricted through the registration of certain new listings. Hosts must obtain a registration number and  display this on their listing page. We have voluntarily introduced a  requirement on new hosts to include a registration number or claim an  exemption to support the city’s objectives.
We will continue to collaborate with policymakers to implement sensible legislation in cities around the world.
Competition
We operate in a highly competitive environment. As we seek to expand our community globally, we face competition in attracting hosts and guests.
Competition for Hosts
We  compete to attract and retain hosts to and on our platform to list  their homes and experiences, as hosts have a range of options for doing so. We compete for hosts based on many factors including the  volume of bookings generated by our guests, ease of use of our platform,  the service fees we charge, host protections such as our Host  Protection Insurance, and our brand. Throughout the
COVID-19
pandemic, we have also competed based on our cancellation and  extenuating circumstances policies that applied as the virus spread  across the world. We believe that hosts can earn more per night on Airbnb than other travel platforms due to our guest demand,  our host tools that empower hosts to be successful, and our community  built on trust and human interaction.
Competition for Guests
We compete  to attract and retain guests to and on our platform, as guests have a  range of options to find and book accommodations and experiences. We  compete for guests based on many factors, including unique inventory and  availability of listings, the value and
all-in
cost of our  offerings relative to other options, our brand, ease of use of our  platform, the trust and safety of our platform, and community
support. Throughout the
COVID-19
pandemic, we have also competed based on the availability of inventory close to where guests live and in
non-urban
markets, as well as the perceived safety and cleanliness of listings on our platform.
Our competitors include:
OTAs,  such as Booking Holdings, including the brands Booking.com, KAYAK,  Priceline.com, and Agoda.com; Expedia Group, including the brands Expedia, Vrbo, HomeAway, Hotels.com,  Orbitz, and Travelocity; Trip.com Group, including the brands  Ctrip.com, Trip.com, Qunar, Tongcheng-eLong, and SkyScanner; Meituan  Dianping; Fliggy, a subsidiary of Alibaba; Despegar; MakeMyTrip; and other regional OTAs;
Internet search engines, such as Google, including its travel search products; Baidu; and other regional search engines;
Listing and meta search websites, such as TripAdvisor, Trivago, Mafengwo, AllTheRooms.com, and Craigslist;
Hotel chains, such as Marriott, Hilton, Accor, Wyndham, InterContinental, OYO, and Huazhu, as well as boutique hotel chains and independent hotels;
Chinese short-term rental competitors, such as Tujia, Meituan B&B, and Xiaozhu; and
Online platforms offering activities, such as Viator, GetYourGuide, Klook, Traveloka, and KKDay.
We  believe we compete favorably based on multiple factors, including the  differentiated breadth and depth of stays and experiences offered on Airbnb, our global scale and geographic reach,  the strength and loyalty of our host and guest community, our brand,  organic traffic, our platform functionality, including community  support, payments, and host protections, and the extensibility of our platform.
Our Intellectual Property
Our  intellectual property is an important component of our business. To  establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination  of patents, trademarks, copyrights, domain names, social media handles,
know-how,
license agreements, confidentiality procedures,
non-disclosure
agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other intellectual property and contractual rights.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had 91 issued patents and 119 pending patent  applications worldwide. We own a trademark portfolio with protections  in more than 162 countries in which we currently operate for our primary  brands — AIRBNB and our Bélo logo. Additionally, we own trademark protections around the world  for other brands or protectable brand elements important to our  business, including but not limited to Rausch, our primary corporate  color; localizations, translations, and transliterations of our primary brands, and brands associated with  businesses we have acquired.
We have registered domain names that we use in or relate to our business, such as the <airbnb.com> domain name and country code top level domain name equivalents.
Data Protection and Privacy
Our  business uses, collects, and processes the personal data of individuals  in more than 220 countries and regions. As a result, compliance with laws on data protection and privacy regulating the  storage, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure, and protection  of personal data is core to our strategy and integral to the creation of  trust in our platform. We take a variety of technical and organizational security measures
and other procedures and protocols to protect data, including data  pertaining to hosts, guests, employees, and other users. Despite  measures we put in place, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access to such data.
Regulators  around the world continue to propose more stringent data protection and  privacy laws, and these laws are rapidly increasing in number, complexity, enforcement,  fines, and penalties. For example, the GDPR became effective on  May 25, 2018 and has resulted and will continue to result in  significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies with users and operations in the European Union and  European Economic Area. The GDPR regulates a broad array of personal  data that can directly or indirectly identify an individual and imposes  stringent data protection requirements with significant penalties for noncompliance. Many large  geographies, which are important to our success, including Australia,  Brazil, Canada, China, and India, have passed or are in the process of  passing comparable data privacy legislation or regulations.
In  the United States, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of  Commerce continue to call for greater regulation of the collection of personal data, as well as restrictions  for certain targeted advertising practices. Numerous states have enacted  or are in the process of enacting state level data privacy laws and  regulations governing the collection, use, and processing of state residents’ personal data. For example, the  CCPA went into effect in California on January 1, 2020. The CCPA  establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours  and requires us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related  costs and expenses. In November 2020, California voters passed the  California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020, which further  expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to  enforcing those requirements.
These and other data protection and privacy laws and their interpretations continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Non-compliance
with these laws could result in penalties or significant legal  liability. Although we take steps to comply with applicable laws and regulations,  we cannot assure that we will not be subject to regulatory or private  action, including fines for
non-compliance
of data protection and privacy laws, including in the event of an incident. We could be  adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require  changes in our or our third-party service providers’ business practices  or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that  negatively affect our or our third-party service providers’ business,  results of operations, or financial condition.
Legal Proceedings
We  are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings,  claims, and government investigations in the ordinary course of  business. These include proceedings, claims, and investigations relating  to, among other things, regulatory matters, commercial matters, intellectual property, competition, tax,  employment, pricing, discrimination, consumer rights, personal injury,  and property rights. See Note 13,
Commitments and Contingencies – Legal and Regulatory Matters
to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Depending  on the nature of the proceeding, claim, or investigation, we may be subject to monetary damage awards,  fines, penalties, or injunctive orders. Furthermore, the outcome of  these matters could materially adversely affect our business, results of  operations, and financial condition. The outcomes of legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations  are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant judgment to  determine the likelihood and amount of loss related to such matters.  While it is not
possible to determine the outcomes, we believe based on our current  knowledge that the resolution of all such pending matters will not,  either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, or  financial condition.
Our Facilities
We  are headquartered in San Francisco, California, where we have lease  commitments for approximately 951,000 square feet across multiple  buildings. As of September 30, 2020, we leased office facilities totaling  approximately 1.95 million square feet in multiple locations in the  United States and internationally. We have taken actions to reduce our  global office footprint in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and believe our facilities are adequate and suitable  for our current needs.
We  will be undertaking a dedicated effort to improve the efficiency standards of our offices, including reducing  waste, water, and power. One of our key initiatives is for all of our  offices to be powered by renewable energy, such as solar and wind. This  will make Airbnb eligible to join the RE100 initiative, whereby companies commit to using 100% renewable  electricity.
The Host and Guest Experience
At  the core of Airbnb are the more than 4 million hosts who share their  slices of the world with our guests. The following pages could not have happened without the care, craft, and dedication of members of  the Airbnb community; we compensated hosts and guests for their efforts  to document and share their stories.
Meet the host Soraya’s 100-Year-Old Garden Hosting since 2014
MEET  THE HOST Soraya is an artist and photographer, and hosts guests at  Mendip House, her childhood home overlooking the Somerset Levels and Cheddar Gorge, UK. The stone building dates back to the 1750s and  sits on an acre of land filled with vegetables and fruit trees. Soraya  is thrilled that her guests can experience the place she loves for  themselves.
THE  GUESTS A delicious weekend in the countryside — Max and his friends  wanted to get out of London for a weekend trip, to relax, and to enjoy a slower pace of life in the countryside.
THE GUESTS When they arrived at Soraya’s home, they were greeted with a handwritten note left by her saying — “Help yourself to the veg in the garden.”
THE GUESTS They picked fruits and vegetables from the garden and greenhouse for dinner that night.
THE GUESTS Soraya had all of the amenities they needed in the kitchen to prepare a meal.
THE  GUESTS She even had candles that they lit to make a candlelight dinner.  They drank wine that she left for them and shared stories. It was a memorable evening.
THE  GUESTS Max October 2020 “Unbelievably beautiful house with equally  impressive views of the surrounding area. We were just a short drive from Cheddar Gorge and other great walking spots, but found  that we were just as happy inside the lovely home as well—we spent a lot  of time cooking, enjoying the garden, playing board games, and drinking  by the beautiful open fireplace. Would highly recommend— you won’t be disappointed!” 5.0
Meet the hosts Miel & Darcy’s Pacific Lookout Hosting since 2014
MEET  THE HOST Miel and Darcy realized lifelong dreams by building twin beach  cabins on the Oregon coast. Keen travelers themselves, they knew what guests might look for in a place to stay, and have created  homes in the Olivia Beach Community that suit a range of travelers’  needs, including those traveling with young children.
THE  GUESTS Salt, sand, and nostalgia for three friends and a kid —Mason and  his friends have recently returned to their homestate of Oregon, and were keen to see more of the state.
THE GUESTS Traveling with a young child meant the group were looking for somewhere a bit calmer, with access to the beach.
THE GUESTS It wasn’t just the grown-ups who were excited about a little trip to the coast.
THE  GUESTS And once playtime was over, they headed to some of the local  oyster houses for the catch of the day, as recommended by Miel.
THE  GUESTS The Kumamoto oysters that thrive in the cooler waters right off  this stretch of the Oregon coast are as fresh as they come. The group loved being able to shuck their own at home.
THE GUESTS Mason October 2020 “Miel’s place was phenomenal. Highly recommend if you’re looking for a beach house vibe.” 5.0
Meet the hosts Joe & Meg’s Mountain Retreat Hosting since 2012
MEET  THE HOST Joe and Meg restored this 1800s schoolhouse in New York’s  Catskill Mountains eight years ago, purposefully keeping it rustic and off-the-grid. They’ve created a one-of-a-kind sanctuary that  allows guests to unplug and instantly relieve all the stresses of the  city.
THE  GUESTS A few days to unplug —Christina and her boyfriend traveled from  Brooklyn to the Catskill Mountains. They were looking to escape from the bustle of the city, and unwind in the fresh air with  autumn views.
THE  GUESTS Preparing for the guests’ arrival, Meg had put vases of  wildflowers in each room, tying together the nature inside and out. It’s the little details that actually make a house a home.
THE  GUESTS Airbnb hosts are truly local tour guides as well, giving guests  inside tips for so many places they might not have discovered without them.
THE GUESTS The couple found a number of footpaths leading right from the front door to various parts of the protected mountains.
THE  GUESTS The couple were inspired by the antique glassware in the home to  host an impromptu cocktail soiree for themselves, beside the fire and beneath the stars.
THE GUESTS Christina October 2020 “An escape from the hustle and bustle. Tranquility at its best!” 5.0
These  are just a few of the stories that have taken place millions of times  on Airbnb. In nearly every corner of the globe, Airbnb hosts share their unique homes and communities so our guests can experience  these places like locals, rather than as outsiders. They enable guests  to find a deeper connection to the places they visit, and to the people  who live there. This is the magic of Airbnb.
Management
Executive Officers and Directors
The following table provides information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this prospectus:
Name
Position
Executive Officers:
Brian Chesky
Chief Executive Officer, Head of Community,
Co-Founder,
and Chairman of the Board
Joseph Gebbia
Chairman of Samara and Airbnb.org,
Co-Founder,
and Director
Nathan Blecharczyk
Chief Strategy Officer, Chairman of Airbnb China,
Co-Founder,
and Director
Dave Stephenson
Chief Financial Officer
Aristotle Balogh
Chief Technology Officer
Catherine Powell
Global Head of Hosting
Non-Employee Directors:
Angela Ahrendts
(2)(4)
Director
Kenneth Chenault
(2)(3)
Director
Belinda Johnson
Director
Jeffrey Jordan
(1)(3)
Director
Alfred Lin
(1)(2)
Director
Ann Mather
(1)(3)
Director
Member of the audit, risk and compliance committee.
Member of the leadership development, belonging and compensation committee.
Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee.
Member of the stakeholder committee.
Executive Officers
Brian Chesky
Mr. Chesky
co-founded
our company in 2008 and serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Head  of Community. He is also a member of our board of directors.  Mr. Chesky received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design from the Rhode Island School  of Design. We believe that Mr. Chesky is qualified to serve as a  member of our board of directors because of the perspective and  experience he brings as our
co-founder,
Chief Executive Officer, and Head of Community.
Joseph Gebbia
Mr. Gebbia
co-founded
our company in 2008 and serves as our Chairman of Samara and Airbnb.org.  He is also a member of our board of directors. He leads Samara, our
in-house
design and innovation  studio. Mr. Gebbia received dual degrees in Graphic Design and  Industrial Design from the Rhode Island School of Design, where he  currently serves on the institution’s Board of Trustees. We believe that Mr. Gebbia is qualified to serve  as a member of our board of directors because of the perspective and  experience he brings as our
co-founder
and Chairman of Samara and Airbnb.org.
Nathan Blecharczyk
Mr. Blecharczyk
co-founded
our company in 2008 and serves as our Chief Strategy Officer and Chairman of Airbnb China. He is  also a member of our board of directors. Mr. Blecharczyk received a  Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science from Harvard University and held  several engineering positions before
co-founding
Airbnb. We  believe that Mr. Blecharczyk is qualified to serve as a member of  our board of directors because of the perspective and experience he  brings as our
co-founder
and Chief Strategy Officer.
Dave Stephenson
Mr. Stephenson has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2019. Prior to joining Airbnb,  Mr. Stephenson spent 17 years at Amazon.com, Inc. (“Amazon”), a  publicly-held global
technology company, where he was most recently Vice President and Chief  Financial Officer of their Worldwide Consumer Organization from June  2015 to December 2018. Before that, from September 2013 to June 2015, Mr. Stephenson was the Chief Financial Officer  of Amazon’s International Consumer business and led finance across many  areas of the company. Mr. Stephenson served as President and Chief  Financial Officer of Big Fish Games, Inc., a gaming company, from September 2011 to September 2013.  Mr. Stephenson received a Bachelor of Science in Industrial and  Management Engineering from Montana State University and a Master of  Business Administration from the University of Iowa.
Aristotle Balogh
Mr. Balogh has served as our Chief Technology Officer since  November 2018. Prior to joining Airbnb, Mr. Balogh was Vice President of Engineering at  Alphabet Inc. (formerly known as Google, Inc.), a publicly-held global  technology company, from June 2011 to November 2018, where he was most  notably responsible for the data and serving systems behind Google Search. Prior to that, from February 2008  to July 2010, Mr. Balogh served as Executive Vice President and  Chief Technology Officer of Yahoo! Inc., a digital information platform.  Mr. Balogh received a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a Master  of Science in Engineering in Electrical and Computer Engineering from  Johns Hopkins University.
Catherine Powell
Ms. Powell has served as our Global Head of Hosting since July 2020 and  previously served as our Head of Experiences since January 2020. Prior to joining Airbnb, Ms. Powell spent 15 years  at the Walt Disney Company (“Disney”) where she held multiple roles from  June 2004 to December 2019, including President, Disney Park Western  Region from March 2018 to December 2019 and Présidente, Disneyland Paris from July 2016 to  December 2018. Prior to joining Disney, Ms. Powell worked for BBC  Worldwide in various roles from January 1997 to June 2004. Ms. Powell  received a Master in Arts in Philosophy, Politics, Economics from Oxford University.
Non-Employee
Directors
Angela Ahrendts
Ms. Ahrendts joined our board of directors in May 2019.  Ms. Ahrendts served as Senior Vice President, Retail at Apple Inc. (“Apple”), a publicly-held technology company, from May  2014 to May 2019. Prior to joining Apple, Ms. Ahrendts served as a  director and Chief Executive Officer of Burberry plc, a global luxury  fashion company, from July 2006 to April 2014. Ms. Ahrendts also previously served  as Executive Vice President at Liz Claiborne Inc. and President of Donna  Karan International, both then publicly-held global fashion companies.  Ms. Ahrendts has served as a director of the Ralph Lauren Corporation, a publicly-held fashion  company, since August 2018. Ms. Ahrendts has served as a director  of WPP plc, a publicly-held creative transformation company with  expertise in communications, experience, commerce and technology, since June 2020. Ms. Ahrendts also serves  on
non-profits
boards, including  Saïd Business School at the University of Oxford, The HOW Institute for  Society, and Charity: Water. Ms. Ahrendts received a Bachelor of Arts in Marketing and  Merchandising from Ball State University. We believe that  Ms. Ahrendts is qualified to serve as a member of our board of  directors because of her extensive experience advising technology companies and other public companies as both a  director and executive.
Kenneth Chenault
Mr. Chenault joined our board of directors in January 2018. Since February 2018,  Mr. Chenault serves as Chairman and Managing Director of General  Catalyst, a venture capital firm. Mr. Chenault served as Chairman  and Chief Executive Officer of American Express Company, a publicly-held diversified financial services company,  from April 2001 through January 2018. Prior to that, he held roles of  increasing responsibility at American Express Company, including  President of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 1993, Vice  Chairman of the American Express Company in 1995 and President and Chief  Operating Officer in 1997. Mr. Chenault has served on the board of  directors of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a publicly-held multinational conglomerate holding company, since
May 2020. Mr. Chenault also served on the board of directors  of International Business Machines Corporation, a publicly-held  multinational technology company, from October 1998 to February 2019, The Procter & Gamble Company, a publicly-held  global consumer goods company, from April 2008 to February 2019, and  Facebook, Inc., a publicly-held global technology company, from February  2018 to May 2020. Mr. Chenault received a Bachelor of Arts in history from Bowdoin College and a Juris  Doctor from Harvard Law School. We believe that Mr. Chenault is  qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his  extensive experience advising public companies as both a director and executive.
Belinda Johnson
Ms. Johnson served as our Chief Operating Officer from February 2018 through March 2020. Ms. Johnson held several roles at our  company since joining in 2011, including General Counsel from December  2011 to July 2015 and Chief Business Affairs and Legal Officer from July  2015 to January 2018. Prior to joining Airbnb, she was Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel  at Yahoo! Inc., a digital information platform, and served as General  Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Broadcast.com, an internet  broadcasting company. Ms. Johnson currently serves on the Board of Directors of PayPal Holdings, Inc., a  publicly-held technology platform and digital payments company.  Ms. Johnson received a Bachelor of Arts and Juris Doctor from the  University of Texas. Ms. Johnson joined our board of directors in March 2020. We believe that  Ms. Johnson is qualified to serve as a member of our board of  directors because of the perspective and experience she brings as our  former Chief Operating Officer.
Jeffrey Jordan
Mr. Jordan joined our board of directors in August 2011. Mr. Jordan  serves as the managing partner of Andreessen Horowitz, a venture capital firm, which he joined as a general partner  in July 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Jordan served as the Chief Executive  Officer of OpenTable, Inc., the online restaurant-reservation service  company, from 2007 to 2011. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Jordan served as President of PayPal, Inc., a digital  payments company, which was then owned by eBay, Inc. For five years  prior to that, Mr. Jordan served as Senior Vice President and General  Manager for eBay North America. From 1998 to 1999, Mr. Jordan served as Chief Financial Officer for Hollywood  Entertainment Corporation, a video rental company, and then President of  its subsidiary, Reel.com. Previously, Mr. Jordan served in various  capacities at The Walt Disney Company for eight years, most recently as Senior Vice President and  Chief Financial Officer of the Disney Store Worldwide. Before that he  worked for The Boston Consulting Group. Mr. Jordan served as a  member of the boards of directors of OpenTable, Inc. from 2007 until 2013, Pinterest, Inc. since 2011, and  Accolade, Inc. since 2016. He is a member of the board of directors for  several private companies including Maplebear Inc. (d/b/a Instacart) and  OfferUp, Inc. Mr. Jordan received a Bachelor of Arts from Amherst College and a Master of  Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.  We believe that Mr. Jordan is qualified to serve as a member of our  board of directors because of his significant managerial experience at global technology companies.
Alfred Lin
Mr. Lin joined our board of directors in November 2012. Since October 2010, Mr. Lin has been a partner at  Sequoia Capital Operations LLC (“Sequoia”), a venture capital firm. He  represents Sequoia on our board as well as several other privately-held  companies, including DoorDash, a food-delivery and local logistics platform, since 2014, and  Houzz Inc., an online home designs and furnishings platform, since 2011.  From 1996 to 1998, he served as Vice President of Finance and  Administration of LinkExchange, a banner advertising exchange acquired by Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”).  From June 1999 to December 2014, he served as
Co-Founder
and General Manager at Venture Frogs, LLC, a seed fund that invested in companies such as Ask Jeeves, OpenTable, Inc., Tellme Networks, Inc.,  and Zappos.com Inc. (“Zappos”). From January 2001 to June 2005, he  served as Vice President of Finance and Business Development of Tellme  Networks, a voice recognition services and platform company acquired by Microsoft. From January 2005  to December 2010, he served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating  Officer of Zappos, an online retailer acquired by Amazon.com, Inc.  Mr. Lin holds a Bachelor of Arts in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University and a Master of Science  in Statistics from Stanford University. We believe that Mr. Lin is  qualified to serve as a member of our
board of directors because of his extensive experience in the venture  capital industry, his business and leadership experience, and his  knowledge of scaling technology companies.
Ann Mather
Ms. Mather joined our board of directors in August 2018. From  September 1999 to April 2004, Ms. Mather served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pixar,  Inc., a computer animation studio, which was acquired by The Walt  Disney Company in May 2006. Ms. Mather has served on the board  of directors of Arista Networks, Inc., a publicly-held computer networking company, since 2013, Alphabet  Inc. (the successor issuer to, and parent holding company of, Google,  Inc.), a publicly-held global technology company, since 2005, Glu Mobile  Inc., a publicly-held publisher of mobile games, since 2005, and Netflix, Inc., a publicly-held global TV  and movie streaming company, since 2010. Ms. Mather is an  independent trustee to the Dodge & Cox Funds board of trustees.  Ms. Mather received a Master of Arts from Cambridge University. We believe that Ms. Mather is qualified  to serve as a member of our board of directors because of her extensive  experience advising the boards of global technology companies.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.
Board of Directors
Our  business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of  directors. The number of directors will be fixed by our board of  directors, subject to the terms of our restated certificate of incorporation and  amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective immediately  prior to the completion of this offering. Our board of directors  currently consists of nine directors, five of whom will qualify as “independent” under the Nasdaq Listing Rules.
Lead Director
Upon  the completion of this offering, our corporate governance guidelines  will provide that one of our independent directors will serve as the  lead director at any time when the chair of our board of directors is a  member of management or is otherwise not independent. Our board of  directors has appointed Mr. Chenault to serve as our lead director.  As lead director, Mr. Chenault will preside over all meetings of the board of directors at which the chair  is not present, including any executive sessions of the independent  directors, approve board of directors meeting schedules and agendas, and  act as the liaison between the independent directors and our Chief Executive Officer and the chair of  the board of directors.
Director Independence
Our  board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each  director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment, and affiliations, our board of directors  has determined that Messrs. Chenault, Jordan, and Lin and Mmes. Ahrendts  and Mather qualify as independent directors in accordance with the  Nasdaq Listing Rules. Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the definition of independence includes a series  of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been  for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the  director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. Our  board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each  independent director that no relationships exists that, in the opinion  of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the  responsibilities of a director. Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, and Gebbia,  and Ms. Johnson
are not considered independent by virtue of their positions as our  executive officers and for Ms. Johnson, former Chief Operating Officer.  In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with  regard to each director’s relationships as they may relate to us and  our management, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock  by each director, and the transactions involving them described in the section titled “Certain  Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
Classified Board of Directors
In  accordance with our restated certificate of incorporation, which will  become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, our board of directors will be divided into three classes  with staggered three-year terms. At each annual general meeting of  stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will  be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following  election. Our directors will be divided among the three classes as  follows:
the  Class I directors will be              ,             ,  and              ,  and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be  held in 2021;
the  Class II directors will be              ,             ,  and              ,  and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be  held in 2022; and
the  Class III directors will be             ,               ,  and              ,  and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023.
We  expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the  three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of  one-third of the directors. The division of our board of directors into  three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a  change in control.
Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Process
Risk assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and
day-to-day
business operations. Management discusses strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings and conducts specific  strategic planning and review sessions during the year that include a  focused discussion and analysis of the risks facing us. Throughout the  year, senior management and the audit, risk and compliance committee review these risks with the board  of directors at regular board meetings as part of management  presentations that focus on particular business functions, operations,  or strategies, and presents the steps taken by management to mitigate or eliminate such risks.
Our  board of directors administers this oversight function directly, as  well as through various standing committees of our board of directors that address risks  inherent in their respective areas of oversight. While our board of  directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk  exposure, our audit, risk and compliance committee is responsible for overseeing our major financial and  operational risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to  monitor and control these exposures. The chair of the audit, risk and  compliance committee also approves or disapproves any related party transactions, and all such approved  transactions must be ratified by the audit, risk and compliance  committee during the meetings held at least once during each fiscal  quarter. Our nominating and corporate governance committee monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance  guidelines. Our leadership
development, belonging and compensation committee assesses and monitors  whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential  to encourage excessive risk-taking.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Our  board of directors has established an audit, risk and compliance  committee, a leadership development, belonging and compensation  committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee, and a stakeholder  committee. Our board of directors may establish other committees to  facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions  of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until  otherwise determined by our board of directors. Each of our audit, risk  and compliance committee, leadership development, belonging and  compensation committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee have adopted a written charter that  satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq  Listing Rules, which we will post on our website at www.airbnb.com.  Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this  prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus  is an inactive textual reference only. Investors should not rely on any  such information in deciding whether to purchase our Class A common stock.
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
Our  audit, risk and compliance committee oversees our corporate accounting  and financial reporting process as well as reviews our risk management  and exposures. Among other matters, the audit, risk and compliance  committee:
appoints and oversees our independent registered public accounting firm;
evaluates the independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications, independence, and performance;
determines the engagement, compensation, and retention of the independent registered public accounting firm;
reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit and
pre-approves
the audit and
non-audit
fees and services;
reviews and discusses the design, implementation, adequacy and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting with management and the independent registered public accounting firm;
the  chair of the audit, risk and compliance committee reviews and approves  all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and all such approved transactions must  be ratified by the audit, risk and compliance committee during the  meetings held at least once during each fiscal quarter;
establishes procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of any complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters;
discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual audit and the review of our quarterly financial statements;
approves the retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any proposed permissible
non-audit
services;
discusses with management on a periodic basis, or as appropriate, policies and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management;
establishes  processes with respect to risk assessment, risk management and risk  oversight, including responsibility for oversight of risks and exposures associated with  financial matters, particularly financial reporting, tax, accounting,  disclosure, internal control over financial reporting, investment  guidelines and credit and liquidity matters, programs, plans and policies relating to legal and regulatory compliance  and strategy, and operational infrastructure, particularly reliability,  business continuity, capacity, security, and data privacy, including  cybersecurity;
is  responsible for reviewing our financial statements and our management’s  discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to be included in our  annual and quarterly reports, including the audit, risk and compliance  committee report for inclusion in the annual proxy statements, to be  filed with the SEC;
reviews earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance;
investigates any reports received through the ethics helpline and reports to the board of directors periodically with respect to any information received through the ethics helpline and any related investigations; and
reviews the appointment of our internal auditor and oversees our internal audit department;
reviews and discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm critical accounting policies;
reviews the chief executive officer and chief financial officer disclosure and certifications under Section 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;
reviews, evaluates and recommends to our board of directors, if appropriate, any contemplated waivers of provisions of the code of ethics involving our executive officers and directors;
the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer will meet with the audit, risk and compliance committee or the chair, if requested, to provide a report on compliance matters; and
reviews the audit, risk and compliance committee charter and the audit, risk and compliance committee’s performance on an annual basis.
Our audit, risk and compliance committee consists of Messrs. Jordan and Lin and Ms. Mather. Our board of directors has determined that all members are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and
Rule 10A-3(b)(1)
of the Exchange Act. The chair of our audit, risk and compliance committee is Ms. Mather. Our board of directors has  determined that Ms. Mather is an audit committee financial expert  as such term is currently defined in Item 407(d)(5) of
Regulation S-K.
Our board  of directors has also determined that each member of our audit, risk and  compliance committee can read and understand fundamental consolidated  financial statements, in accordance with applicable requirements.
Leadership Development, Belonging and Compensation Committee
Our  leadership development, belonging and compensation committee oversees  policies relating to the compensation and benefits of our executive  officers and directors, and reviews policies, programs, and initiatives focusing  on leadership development and belonging. Among other matters, the  leadership development, belonging and compensation committee:
reviews and approves the corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluates the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of these goals and
objectives and, based upon this evaluation (either alone or, if directed  by the board of directors, in conjunction with a majority of the  independent directors), approves our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation;
reviews and sets or makes recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of our executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer;
reviews and makes recommendations to the board of directors regarding director compensation;
reviews and approves or makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding our incentive compensation plans and arrangements, retirement plans, and equity-based plans;
reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in our annual report on Form 10-K;
reviews  and discusses annually with management and our board of directors our  compensation philosophy and practices, including executive and employee incentive compensation  plans and arrangements, to determine whether they are aligned with our  goal of serving all stakeholders over the long term;
reviews and discusses annually with management the risks arising from our compensation philosophy and practices to determine whether they encourage excessive risk taking;
reviews policies, programs, and initiatives focusing on leadership development and belonging; and
reviews the leadership development, belonging and compensation committee charter and the leadership development, belonging and compensation committee’s performance on an annual basis.
Our  leadership development, belonging and compensation committee consists of Messrs. Chenault and Lin and Ms.  Ahrendts. Our board of directors has determined that all members are  independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and are
“non-employee
directors” as defined in
Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act. The chair of our leadership development, belonging and compensation committee is Mr. Lin.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The  nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for making  recommendations to our board of directors regarding candidates for directorships and the size and composition of our board of directors. In  addition, the nominating and corporate governance committee is  responsible for overseeing our corporate governance policies and making  recommendations to our board of directors concerning governance matters. Among other matters, the nominating and  corporate governance committee:
reviews and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding director independence determinations;
reviews, evaluates, and, as applicable, proposes and approves, stockholder recommended nominees for election to our board of directors;
reviews annually the nominating and corporate governance committee structure and membership;
oversees the annual self-evaluations of our board of directors and management;
reviews and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding Section 16 officer determinations; and
reviews the nominating and corporate governance committee charter and the nominating and corporate governance committee’s performance on an annual basis.
Our  nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Messrs. Chenault and Jordan and Ms. Mather. Our board of directors  has determined that all members of the nominating and corporate  governance committee are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The  chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee is Mr. Jordan.
Stakeholder Committee
The  purpose of the stakeholder committee is to assist our board of  directors in considering and monitoring the interests of our key  stakeholders, which include guests, hosts, the communities in which we operate,  employees, and shareholders. Among other matters, the stakeholder  committee:
engages with management regarding our stakeholders;
reviews our progress and performance with respect to our principles for serving our stakeholders;
advises management and the board regarding initiatives or matters pertaining to our stakeholders;
reviews our stakeholder principles and recommends to the board any changes the committee deems appropriate;
engages with our stakeholders from time to time;
advises the board regarding administration of the Host Endowment Fund;
provides advice, reports, and recommendations to the board regarding these matters; and
reviews the stakeholder committee charter and the stakeholder committee’s composition and performance on a periodic basis.
Our stakeholder committee is advisory in nature. It consists of Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, and Gebbia and Mmes. Ahrendts and Johnson. The chair of our stakeholder committee is Ms. Johnson.
Leadership Development, Belonging and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None  of the members of the leadership development, belonging and compensation committee is currently, or has been at any time, one of our  executive officers or employees. None of our executive officers  currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the  board of directors or leadership development, belonging and compensation committee of any entity that has  one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of  directors or on our leadership development, belonging and compensation  committee.
Airbnb Code of Ethics
We  have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers,  and employees, including those officers responsible for financial  reporting. The full text of our code of ethics will be posted on our  website at www.airbnb.com. Any substantive amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the code of ethics that  applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,  principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing  similar functions will be disclosed on our website. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our  website does not constitute part of this prospectus,
and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an  inactive textual reference only. Investors should not rely on any such  information in deciding whether to purchase our Class A common stock.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification Matters
Our  restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated  bylaws, both of which will become effective immediately prior to the  completion of this offering, among other things, limit our directors’ liability,  and provide that we may indemnify our directors and officers to the  fullest extent permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law. As  authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that  to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, our directors will not  be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for  breach of fiduciary duty as directors, except for liability for any:
transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit;
act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful redemption or repurchase of shares in violation of Delaware law; or
breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders.
These  limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities arising under  federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission.
Our  amended and restated bylaws provide that we will, in certain  situations, indemnify our directors and officers and may indemnify other employees and other  agents, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any indemnified director  and officer is also entitled, subject to certain limitations, to  advancement, direct payment, or reimbursement of expenses (including attorneys’ fees) in advance of the  final disposition of the proceeding except that such director or officer  will undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined  that such person is not entitled to indemnification.
The  Delaware General Corporation Law provides that to the extent a present  or former director or officer of the corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of  any generally indemnifiable action, suit, or proceeding, that such  person will be indemnified by the corporation against expenses  (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit,  or proceeding. For any acts or omissions occurring after  December 31, 2020, the officers referenced in the immediately  preceding sentence could be more limited as a matter of Delaware law.
In  addition, we have entered, and intend to continue to enter, into  separate indemnification agreements with our directors and officers. Subject to certain exceptions, these indemnification  agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify such directors  and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law for certain  expenses and against certain liabilities, including, among other things, attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, and  settlement amounts actually and reasonably paid or incurred by such  director or officer in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of  their services as a director or officer, or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides  services at our request. Subject to certain exceptions, these  indemnification agreements will also require us to advance certain  expenses (including attorneys’ fees and disbursements) actually and reasonably paid or incurred by such director  and officer in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or  proceeding.
We  also maintain a directors’ and officers’ insurance policy pursuant to  which our directors and officers are insured against liability for actions taken in their capacities as directors and officers.
We  believe that these provisions in our restated certificate of  incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and these indemnification agreements are necessary to  attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers.
Insofar as  indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be  permitted to directors, officers, or control persons, in the opinion of  the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in  the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
Nominating Agreement
We  and Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, and Gebbia, referred to as our  founders in this prospectus, will enter into a Nominating Agreement  effective prior to the completion of this offering (“Nominating Agreement”), under which  we and the founders are required, upon the terms set forth in the  Nominating Agreement, to (i) include our founders in the slate of  nominees nominated by our board of directors for the applicable class of directors for election by our  stockholders, and (ii) include such nomination of our founders in our  proxy statement. In addition, we must use reasonable efforts to, and the  founders must take all necessary action to, recommend in favor of each founder’s election as a director,  and to solicit proxies or consents in favor of their election. The  obligations with respect to each founder will terminate upon the  earliest to occur of (1) such founder’s resignation from our board of directors, (2) such founder’s  death or disability, (3) such founder’s removal from our board of  directors for cause, (4) the expiration of such founder’s term if such  founder has given notice of his intention not to stand for re-election, and (5) the date  upon which the number of shares of our common stock owned by such  founder falls below ten percent of the number of shares of common stock  owned by such founder as of September 30, 2020. The Nominating Agreement will remain in effect until the  earliest of (a) the date on which our and the founders’ obligations have  terminated with respect to all of the founders, (b) the time at which  all outstanding shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock, and (c)  immediately prior to a change of control. The conversion of our Class B  common stock to Class A common stock is provided for in our restated  certificate of incorporation, see section titled “Description of Capital Stock — Class A, B, C and H  Common Stock — Conversion.”
Founder Voting Agreement
Our  founders will enter into a Voting Agreement effective prior to the  completion of this offering (“Founder Voting Agreement”), under which each founder has agreed, upon the terms set forth in the  Voting Agreement, to vote all his shares for the election of each  founder to our board of directors, and to vote against their removal.  Pursuant to the Founder Voting Agreement, each founder granted a voting proxy to the other founders, to be  effective upon death or disability, and if there are two remaining  founders who are not disabled, such voting proxy will be apportioned  between such founders based on their relative voting power. The Founder Voting Agreement will be in effect until: (i)  with respect to each founder, upon the conversion of such founder’s  shares to Class A common stock in connection with his death or  disability (which will occur automatically upon the nine month anniversary of any such death or  disability), and (ii) with respect to all founders, the time at which  all outstanding shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to  Class A common stock. The conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock is provided for in our  restated certificate of incorporation, see section titled “Description  of Capital Stock — Class A, B, C and H Common Stock — Conversion.”
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Overview
This  section explains the guiding principles and practices upon which our executive compensation  program is based and the compensation paid to our “named executive  officers.” Where relevant, the discussion below also reflects certain  contemplated changes to our compensation programs that we intend to implement following the  effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus  forms a part. For 2019, our named executive officers were:
Brian Chesky, President and Chief Executive Officer;
Dave Stephenson, Chief Financial Officer;
Belinda Johnson, Former Chief Operating Officer;
Aristotle Balogh, Chief Technology Officer; and
Greg Greeley, Former President of Homes.
Mr. Stephenson  was appointed our Chief Financial Officer effective January 7,  2019. Ms. Johnson stepped down from her position as Chief Operating Officer and joined our board of directors effective  March 1, 2020. Mr. Greeley resigned from his position as our  President of Homes effective August 1, 2020, when he transitioned  into a consulting role.
In  2019, we established a set of guiding principles for our compensation  program, intended to ensure a strong link to our strategy and culture.  These are described in the “ — Executive Compensation Philosophy and  Objectives” subsection below.
2019 Compensation Highlights
The  focus of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis is on 2019  compensation decisions and outcomes. The 2019 executive compensation program was designed to be consistent with our guiding principles, as  summarized below:
No changes to base salaries for our named executive officers continuing from 2018.
Our  semi-annual bonus program (in which all of our named executive officers  participate other than Mr. Chesky) measured performance across a number of key operational  priorities that are clear drivers of company performance and align with  our focus on continued long-term value creation for all of our  stakeholders. For 2019, there were two performance periods corresponding to the first and second halves of the  calendar year. The maximum total bonus payout for 2019 was set at 100%  of target, with the payout target capped at 50% of the annual target for  both the first and second halves of 2019. The actual payouts were 70% of target and 75% of target for the  first and second halves of the year, respectively, based on our  achievement of
pre-established
performance measures resulting in a total payout for the year of 72.5% of target.
We emphasize equity compensation for our named executive officers which we believe demonstrates a longer-term, ownership orientation.
We provided a hiring bonus and new hire equity award for Mr. Stephenson upon his commencement of employment in January 2019. The
new-hire
compensation was calibrated to ensure we were able to secure his  employment and to create strong ownership and alignment with our  strategy and mission.
Preview of 2020 Compensation Decisions
2020 Response to Crisis
In early 2020, as
COVID-19
disrupted  travel, our business declined significantly. Due to this crisis, we made  the difficult decision to reduce the size of our workforce and made a  number of changes to our executive compensation program, as summarized below:
Mr. Chesky declined any salary, and salaries for our other named executive officers were voluntarily reduced by 50% for a
six-month
period, effective April 1, 2020.
We  further evolved our approach to short-term incentive design to more  comprehensively and directly reflect our most critical stakeholder priorities. The program was set to  include multiple metrics tied to each of our five stakeholders: hosts,  guests, communities, employees, and shareholders. Due to the outbreak of
COVID-19,
we suspended the bonus  program for the first half of 2020 for all executives and employees,  and resumed the bonus program in the second half of 2020 in line with  the recovery of our business and consistent with our compensation philosophy.
We  delayed our annual equity grants to executives from March 2020 to July  2020. In addition, in response to the significant decrease in the fair market value of our common stock  in the second quarter of 2020, we determined grant sizes based on a  premium to the per share fair value of our stock on the grant date  resulting in a smaller number of shares being awarded to our executives when compared to the grant sizes that  would have been awarded using our historical methodology of grants based  on the fair value of our stock on the grant date. Specifically, the  number of options and RSUs granted were determined by converting the annual target grant values using a  value that was 27.3% higher than the fair value on the date of grant.  The exercise price for options was also set at a 27.3% premium to the  fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Accordingly, these actions resulted in grants  covering 27.3% fewer shares than our historical approach would have  otherwise produced.
Founder Compensation Changes
In preparing  for the initial public offering of our common stock, in November 2020,  our board of directors made significant changes intended to provide a  meaningful incentive to our founders for their continued leadership of  our company.
Brian Chesky
Our  board of directors worked closely with its compensation consultant in an effort to design a  compensation construct for Brian Chesky, our chief executive officer,  that would align with our vision of a 21st century company that is  committed to the long-term interests of all stakeholders, provide flexibility to the changing needs and  priorities of our business and stakeholders, require high levels of  performance to achieve meaningful value while not encouraging short-term  gains through risk taking, incentivize long term performance beyond typical market pay constructs, promote  transparency with simple design and full disclosure, and be equitable  and justifiable to Mr. Chesky and all of our stakeholders. In  designing the compensation program for Mr. Chesky, our board of directors was also cognizant of  Mr. Chesky putting
plans in place to contribute shares of our common stock worth over  $100 million at the time of the contribution to support the Host  Endowment Fund and his intention to donate the net proceeds from the initial equity compensation we provide to community,  philanthropic and charitable causes. Our board also considered  Mr. Chesky’s sustained and unparalleled leadership since the  inception of Airbnb, his substantial vested ownership of our common stock, and the comparatively modest level of  cash compensation he has received from us, and that his most recent  equity grant from us occurred in 2014.
Our  board of directors determined to provide 100% of Mr. Chesky’s  direct compensation in the form of equity incentives in lieu of any  cash, including base salary and short-term cash incentives. Under this  approach, and based on the considerations described above, the board of  directors reduced Mr. Chesky’s base salary from $110,000 to $1, set  his target bonus at $0, and granted him a long-term, multi-year equity award comprised of 12,000,000  RSUs (the “Multi-Year Award”). The Multi-Year Award will only vest, if  at all, in the event the price of our Class A common stock reaches stock  price hurdles that are significantly in excess of the Company’s current valuation, over a  period of ten years, subject to Mr. Chesky’s continued employment as our  chief executive officer. Other than an amount necessary to cover taxes,  shares underlying the RSUs will not be issued until two years after the RSUs vest.
The  board of directors believes that the Multi-Year Award is appropriate  because it reflects a commitment to advancing the long-term interests of all  stakeholders and is structured so that meaningful value may only be  realized upon the achievement of sustained and significant high  performance levels as described in more detail below. Under Mr. Chesky’s leadership over the last decade, the  company’s revenues have grown to $4.8 billion in 2019, and the  board of directors believes that it is important to continue to retain  and motivate Mr. Chesky to lead the company over the next decade based on this history of  exceptional performance. Our board of directors intends for the  Multi-Year Award to be the exclusive equity award that Mr. Chesky  receives through the 10th anniversary of the date of grant. The size of the Multi-Year Award, which has a grant-date fair  value of approximately $120.0 million and implied yearly earnings  potential of approximately $12.0 million per year over the ten years the  Multi-Year Award is eligible to vest, was determined in light of the median annualized long-term incentive values  from the most recent competitive peer group study of approximately $19  million per year. As noted above, Mr. Chesky intends to donate the  net proceeds from this award to community, philanthropic and charitable causes.
The  Multi-Year Award is divided into ten tranches, with one tranche first  becoming eligible to vest upon each of the first ten anniversaries of the grant date (each, a  “Vesting Eligibility Date”), as set forth in the table below. Each  tranche will vest on the later of the applicable Vesting Eligibility  Date or, starting on the first anniversary of the date of grant, the date the 60 trading day trailing  average closing per share price of the company’s Class A common stock  exceeds the stock price hurdle, subject to Mr. Chesky’s continued  employment as our chief executive officer. Shares issuable in respect of vested RSUs will be  issued to Mr. Chesky on the second anniversary of the vesting date,  except for an amount necessary to cover any taxes due in connection  with the vesting, which will be withheld to cover, or issued to offset, such taxes. Any RSUs subject to  the Multi-Year Award that have not vested by the tenth anniversary of  the grant date will be forfeited.
Tranche
Vesting Eligibility Date
Number of RSUs
Stock Price Hurdle
November 10, 2021
1,200,000
$125.00
November 10, 2022
1,200,000
$165.00
November 10, 2023
1,200,000
$205.00
November 10, 2024
1,200,000
$245.00
November 10, 2025
1,200,000
$285.00
November 10, 2026
1,200,000
$325.00
November 10, 2027
1,200,000
$365.00
November 10, 2028
1,200,000
$405.00
November 10, 2029
1,200,000
$445.00
November 10, 2030
1,200,000
$485.00
Each  stock price hurdle will be equitably adjusted to reflect any stock  splits, stock dividends or other restructurings impacting our Class A common stock. In the event of  Mr. Chesky’s termination of employment effected by the company  without “cause” or by him for “good reason” (each as defined in  Mr. Chesky’s offer letter), the Multi-Year Award will remain outstanding and eligible  to vest for six months following the date of termination. In addition,  in the event of an acquisition of the company, stock price performance  for purposes of the Multi-Year Award will be measured based on the price per share to be received by  securityholders in connection with the acquisition, using linear  interpolation if the price is between tranches, any amount for which the  stock price hurdle has not been met will be forfeited, and, if assumed by the acquirer, the terms of the award  would continue provided that any tranches, or portion of a tranche, for  which the stock price hurdle has been met will remain eligible to vest  subject to Mr. Chesky’s continued service to the company or the acquirer, provided that any  tranches for which the stock price hurdle has been met will vest in full  upon Mr. Chesky’s termination without cause or resignation for  good reason within 12 months following the acquisition. If not assumed by an acquirer, vesting would  be accelerated for any tranches for which the stock price hurdle has  been met.
Joseph Gebbia and Nathan Blecharczyk
The  board of directors determined to make no changes to the current annual  base salaries and target bonus opportunities for Messrs. Gebbia and Blecharczyk, which, consistent with the methodologies used for other  executive officers, were set at $400,000 and 60% of base salary,  respectively. Because Messrs. Gebbia and Blecharczyk were last  granted equity awards in 2014 that finished vesting in 2017, the board of directors approved the grant of new equity  awards to each of them. As in the case of Mr. Chesky, our board of  directors believes that the leadership of Messrs. Gebbia and  Blecharczyk from the founding of the company has been critical to the company’s success, and it believes it  is similarly important to continue to retain and motivate each of them.  Each of Messrs. Gebbia and Blecharczyk received an “annual
award” of RSUs and options and a “gap equity award” of RSUs and options,  the sizes of which were determined based on awards Messrs. Gebbia and  Blecharczyk would have received had they historically participated in our executive program.
The  annual award granted to each executive covered 74,664 RSUs and options  to purchase 186,660 shares of our Class A common stock and was intended to  approximate the annual grant the executives otherwise would have  received in 2020. The annual RSU award vests in 16 substantially equal  quarterly installments measured from February 25, 2020, and the annual option award vests in 48  substantially equal monthly installments measured from February 25,  2020, in each case, subject to continued employment through each  applicable vesting date, consistent with standard time-based vesting for the company’s 2020 annual grants. While  our board of directors determined that the fair market value of our  common stock on the date of grant was $35.81, each annual option award  was granted with a greater than fair market exercise price equal to $40.18 per share, consistent with  the exercise price of similar options granted to our executives earlier  in 2020.
The  gap award granted to each executive covered 223,401 RSUs and options to  purchase 558,503 shares of our Class A common stock and was  intended to address the gap in vesting and retention value from the lack of  equity award grants since 2014. The gap RSU award vests in 16  substantially equal quarterly installments commencing on  November 25, 2020, and the gap option award vests in 48 substantially equal monthly installments commencing on November 25,  2020, in each case, subject to continued service, as either an employee  or member of our board of directors, through each applicable vesting  date. Each gap option award was also granted with a greater than fair market exercise price equal to  $40.18 per share.
2019 Compensation
Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives
We  believe that for us to be successful we must hire and retain executives  that can continue to drive global growth in our business, operate with a holistic perspective in the service of all stakeholders, and create a  highly creative, inclusive environment. Our executive compensation  programs were designed to motivate, reward, attract, and retain  high-caliber leaders and seek to align compensation with our stakeholder priorities and company performance. In  2019, our board of directors engaged with Semler Brossy Consulting  Group (“Semler Brossy”), an independent compensation consultant, to  formalize a set of principles to guide our compensation program design and decisions. To summarize  these principles:
Long-term alignment.
Performance measurement, incentive goals, and individual performance assessments all clearly align with and support our long-term vision and  alignment with stakeholders. They encourage a long-term timeframe, while  acknowledging the competitive talent market realities.
Ownership.
We believe in the power of an owner’s mindset. Compensation programs  encourage employees and executives to think and act like owners of their work and  careers, their responsibility to all stakeholders, and Airbnb.
Alignment across stakeholders.
Our program design strives to balance interests and ensure alignment across all stakeholders. We are committed to directly tying  short-term cash incentives to our performance against near-term  stakeholder priorities. We believe this approach will lead to sustained  value for all stakeholders over the long term.
Performance culture.
Our pay programs support a culture of accountability and performance  through the use of stretch company-based metrics in the short-term cash  incentive plan and differentiated annual equity awards based on  executive performance and contribution.
Pay equity.
We are committed to the principle of pay equity and seek to be a leader on this front. We consistently monitor pay outcomes for any inequities and aggressively address any issues.
Competitiveness.
We are fortunate to have a mission that is attractive to a talented and  diverse array of leaders. We want executives to come and stay with Airbnb  because of our mission. However, we recognize that compensation needs to  be compelling and competitive to attract and retain the talent  necessary to meet our objectives.
Transparency.
We will continue to provide a level of clarity and transparency about  our compensation programs, frameworks and outcomes that reinforces our  commitment to pay equity, empowers our employees, and fosters belonging.
Compensation and Governance Practices
We  have established a number of policies and practices, listed below, to  align the program with these principles and establish strong  compensation governance:
What We Do
Practice
Description
Link Between Pay and
Stakeholder Priorities
Performance  measures for our bonus plan extend beyond traditional financial and  operational goals. We directly tie pay outcomes to our most critical  priorities, with the objective of creating alignment and accountability to all stakeholders.
Emphasis on Equity-Based
Compensation
We  believe that sustained, long-term stock price performance requires that  we effectively serve all stakeholders. As such, we seek to prioritize  equity-based compensation and provide a significant portion of compensation in the form of stock  options and RSUs.
Longer-Term Delivery
Equity  compensation is structured to vest over a minimum period of four years,  subject to limited exceptions. Stock options have a maximum
10-year
term while our RSUs have a
7-year
term.
Independent Compensation
Consultant
Our board of directors engages an independent compensation consulting firm that provides us with no other services.
What We Don’t Do
Practice
Description
No Hedging of Company Stock
Executive  officers and members of the board of directors may not directly or  indirectly engage in transactions intended to hedge or offset the market  value of Airbnb stock owned by them.
No Tax
Gross-ups
We do not provide tax
gross-ups
to our executive officers, other than nominal amounts provided to all employees in connection with Airbnb travel credits or in limited circumstances, such as in connection with relocations.
No “Single Trigger” Change in
Control Provisions
Equity awards do not accelerate in connection with a change in control, unless the awards are not assumed or substituted.
No Special Benefit Plans for
Executives
We do not have any special benefit or retirement plans that are exclusive to the executive population.
No Excessive Perquisites
We do not provide excessive perquisites for executives.
Determination of Compensation
Role of the board of directors and leadership development, belonging and compensation committee
Historically, our board of directors has been responsible for overseeing all aspects of our executive  compensation programs, including executive salaries, payouts under our  semi-annual bonus plan, the size and structure of equity awards, and any  executive perquisites. The board of directors also discusses and makes decisions with regards to our Chief  Executive Officer’s compensation. Following the consummation of this  offering, we expect that our board of directors will continue to be  responsible for determining the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and the leadership  development, belonging and compensation committee will generally oversee  our executive compensation program.
Role of compensation consultant
The board of directors has, and following this offering, the leadership  development, belonging and compensation committee will have the authority to engage its own  advisors to assist in carrying out its responsibilities. In June 2019,  the board of directors engaged Semler Brossy, who provided guidance  regarding the amount and types of compensation that we provide to our executives, how our compensation  practices compare to the compensation practices of other companies,  including with respect to a peer group of companies developed in  consultation with Semler Brossy, and other compensation-related matters. Semler Brossy reports directly to the  board of directors, although Semler Brossy may meet with members of  management for the purposes of gathering information on proposals that  management may make to the board of directors. Semler Brossy does not provide any services to us other than  the services provided to the board of directors.
Role of management
In setting compensation  for 2019, our Chief Executive Officer and Vice President of Global  Employee Experience worked closely with the board of directors in  managing our executive compensation program and attended board of directors meetings. Our Chief Executive Officer  made recommendations to the board of directors regarding compensation  for our executive officers (other than himself) because of his daily  involvement with our executive team. No executive officer participated directly in the final deliberations or  determinations regarding his or her own compensation package.
Use of comparative market data
The board of  directors assesses the competitiveness of each element of the executive  officers’ total direct compensation, against the executive pay peer  group, as discussed below.
In developing this peer group, the board of directors took into account a number of factors, including:
Actual experience in the talent market (companies from which we source and potentially lose executive talent);
Scale and complexity (using revenue and valuation);
Geography (preference for companies with significant presence in the San Francisco Bay Area); and
Company business characteristics (for example, comparably sized high-growth technology companies, technology-oriented gig economy companies, marketplace platforms, global operations, and other high growth indicators).
While the  board of directors does not establish compensation levels solely based  on a review of competitive data, it believes such data is a meaningful  input to our compensation policies and practices in order to attract and  retain qualified executive officers. The board of directors also considers a number of other  factors, including: company performance relative to our stakeholder  priorities, each executive’s impact and criticality to our strategy and  mission, relative scope of responsibility and potential, individual performance and demonstrated  leadership, and internal equity pay considerations.
After considering the above factors, our board of directors approved the following peer group for 2019 compensation decisions:
Peer Group for 2019 Pay Decisions
Adobe
Microsoft
Alphabet
PayPal Holdings
Amazon
Salesforce
Apple
Square
Tripadvisor
eBay
Twitter
Expedia Group
VMware
Facebook
Workday
Intuit
Yelp
At  the end of 2019, our compensation consultants presented to our board of  directors a revised compensation peer group for 2020 compensation decisions. This peer group included the  following changes aimed at ensuring the group continued to reflect the  broader talent market and the evolving competitive landscape:
Added: Netflix, Uber, Lyft, ServiceNow, Pinterest, Slack, and Zoom Video Communications
Removed: Box, VMware, and Yelp
For  2020 pay decisions, the board of directors used a subset of the full  peer group as the primary reference point. This subset excluded the five largest peers: Amazon, Alphabet, Apple, Facebook, and Microsoft. While  these technology bellwether companies are clear and demonstrated talent  competitors and we believe it is important to monitor their compensation  practices, they were removed from the primary competitive comparison given their outsized scale.
Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program
The primary elements of our named executive officers’ compensation and a brief description of each are:
Element
Description
Base Salary
Attracts and retains talented executives, recognizes individual roles and responsibilities and provides stable income
Semi-Annual Performance-Based
Incentive Compensation
Semi-annual performance  bonuses directly tied pay to key strategic priorities, which we believe  will lead to sustained value for all stakeholders over the long term.
Equity-Based Long-Term Incentive Compensation
Equity compensation,  provided in the form of stock options and RSUs, reinforces the  importance of a long-term, ownership orientation, creates alignment with  our stakeholders, and promotes retention. Equity-based compensation is the most significant portion of  compensation for our executives.
In  addition, our named executive officers are eligible to participate in  our health and welfare programs and our 401(k) plan on the same basis as our other employees. We also provide  certain limited severance benefits, limited perquisites, and other  benefits, which aid in attracting and retaining executive talent. Each  of these elements of compensation for 2019 is described further below.
Base Salary
The  base salary of each named executive officer, other than  Mr. Chesky, is intended to align with the scope and complexity of  their roles, their relative capabilities, and competitive market realities. Due to  Mr. Chesky’s role as
co-founder
of the company and in consultation with Mr. Chesky, for 2019, the  board of directors left unchanged his long-standing base salary of $110,000 per year, far below  the base salary paid to the majority of similarly-situated executive  officers at our peer group companies.
In  2019, there were no increases in base salaries for Mr. Chesky,  Ms. Johnson, Mr. Balogh, or Mr. Greeley. Mr. Stephenson’s base salary was established in connection with his  commencement of employment in 2019 and reflected arms’ length  negotiations with him and the consideration of competitive market data  by the board of directors. Our named executive officers’ 2019 base salaries were as follows:
Named Executive Officer
2019 Base Salary ($)
Brian Chesky
110,000
Dave Stephenson
600,000
Belinda Johnson
600,000
Aristotle Balogh
600,000
Greg Greeley
600,000
Our named executive officers did not receive any base salary increases for 2020. Further, in response to the challenges to our business resulting from the
COVID-19
pandemic in 2020, Mr. Chesky declined any salary, and the salaries  for our other named executive officers were voluntarily reduced by 50%,  effective April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020. In November 2020,  Mr. Chesky’s base salary was reduced to $1.
Cash Incentive Compensation
Approach to Short-Term Cash Incentive
Our  short-term cash incentive plan has been designed to attract and retain  key talent and reward executives based on performance against key  strategic priorities. The incentive plan covers performance beyond company  financial performance and includes broader operational and stakeholder  priorities. The 2019 semi-annual cash incentive program (“2019 Bonus  Plan”) focused on (i) foundational priorities including safety, platform,  public-company readiness, team execution and (ii) business  priorities including homes growth and quality, experiences growth and  quality, and China growth and quality.
For  2020, we further evolved our approach to short-term incentive design to  more comprehensively and directly reflect our most critical stakeholder priorities. The  program was set to include multiple metrics tied to each of our five  stakeholders: hosts, guests, communities, employees, and shareholders.  Due to the outbreak of
COVID-19,
we eliminated the cash incentive program for the first half of 2020 and  will evaluate with our board of directors whether to implement a cash  incentive program for the second half of 2020 based on company performance. Going forward, the company is committed to directly tying  short-term cash incentive payouts to priorities across all stakeholders  and ensuring strong alignment with our strategy and mission.
2019 Bonus Plan
For  2019, the board of directors approved the 2019 Bonus Plan. It provided  for variable cash incentives, payable semi-annually, that were designed  to motivate our named executive officers to focus on our strategic  priorities. Upon Mr. Chesky’s request and in light of his holdings  of our common stock, our board of directors excluded Mr. Chesky  from the 2019 Bonus Plan. All of our other named executive officers participated in the 2019 Bonus Plan.
Targeted  bonuses for our named executive officers, as a percentage of base salary, were as set forth below. Target bonus levels remained the same  for Ms. Johnson, Mr. Balogh and Mr. Greeley in 2019 as  compared to 2018. Mr. Stephenson’s target bonus was established in  connection with his recruitment in late 2018 and the commencement of his employment in January 2019 and  reflected arms’ length negotiations with him and the consideration of  competitive market data by our board of directors.
Named Executive Officer
2019 Target Bonus as
a Percentage of Base Salary
Brian Chesky
Dave Stephenson
Belinda Johnson
Aristotle Balogh
Greg Greeley
Under  the 2019 Bonus Plan, there were two performance periods corresponding  to the first and second halves of the calendar year. Payouts under each of the performance periods are  determined based on the product of: (i) 50% of the named executive  officer’s annual base salary; (ii) his or her target annual bonus  percentage; (iii) a company performance multiplier, determined based on the achievement of
pre-established
corporate goals; and (iv) as applicable, a proration percentage  reflecting the number of days the named executive officer was actively employed during the performance period. Individual performance  was not considered in determining payouts under the 2019 Bonus Plan.
Both performance  periods measured objectives that the board of directors believed were  clear drivers of company performance and align with our focus on  continued long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders. The  board of directors used the same structure for all bonus participants, including our participating named  executive officers, to focus the company on a common set of performance  objectives. The performance metrics, goals and corresponding weightings  for each performance period were established at the beginning of such performance period based on our  management’s and our board of directors’ assessment of our strategic  priorities and their relative importance for such performance period,  taking into account relevant factors at the time, including then-current company strategy,  performance and business environment. Specifically, as compared to the  first half of 2019, our board of directors approved the inclusion of  profitability as a metric for the second half of 2019 to ensure that the pursuit of other priorities was balanced with  financial discipline. The weighting of our Homes Growth and
Quality priority was adjusted from 55% for the first half of 2019 to 35%  for the second half of 2019 largely to account for the addition of the  profitability metric and therefore to balance our growth priorities with financial goals. The weighting of our safety  priority was adjusted from 7.5% for the first half of 2019 to 5% for the  second half of 2019 and the weighting of our Airbnb Platform priority  was adjusted from 7.5% for the first half of 2019 to 15% for the second half of 2019 to account for the board  of directors’ assessment of relative importance of each at the time. We  have not disclosed the specific goals for performance metrics because  no single metric has a material impact on the compensation paid to our named executive officers  other than metrics related to Homes Growth and Quality, which we have  excluded because we believe their disclosure would cause substantial  competitive harm, and, for the second half of 2019, the metric used to measure profitability, which we  disclose below. Each of the goals under our 2019 Bonus Plan was set by  our board of directors at a level it determined would require  substantial effort to be achieved, such that the goals could not be achieved with average or below average performance.
First Half 2019 Performance Period
Based on performance against
pre-established
goals as set forth in the table below, the board of directors approved the first half company achievement at 70% of target.
Company Priority
Examples of Metrics Considered
Weighting
Achievement
Payout
Safety
•  Guest and host identity verification goals
•  Launch of hotline for safety and urgent issues
Airbnb Platform
•  Infrastructure and site performance improvements
Public Company Readiness
•  Financial systems infrastructure migration
•  Financial reporting consistent with SEC timelines
Team Execution
•  Recruiting milestones
•  Diversity priorities
Homes Growth & Quality
•  Active booked listings growth
•  First time nights bookings growth
28.5
Experiences Growth & Quality
•  Improved landing page
•  New experiences added to platform
China Growth & Quality
•  Origin nights booked growth
Total
Based on our achievement during the first half performance period of the 2019 Bonus Plan, our named executive officers were awarded bonuses as follows:
Named Executive Officer
50% of Annual Base
Salary ($)
Target Annual
Bonus
First Half
Percentage
Achievement
Service Proration
First Half
Performance Period
Bonus Payout ($)
Dave Stephenson
300,000
152,303
Belinda Johnson
300,000
157,500
Aristotle Balogh
300,000
157,500
Greg Greeley
300,000
157,500
Second Half 2019 Performance Period
Based on performance against
pre-established
goals as set forth in the table below, the board of directors approved the second half company achievement at performance multiplier at 75% of target.
Company Priority
Examples of Metrics Considered
Weighting
Achievement
Payout
Safety
•  Improved speed to answer and time to resolution
Airbnb Platform
•  Site availability and downtime minutes
•  Continued service-oriented architecture migration
Public Company Readiness
•  Financial reporting consistent with SEC guidelines
Team Execution
•  Recruiting milestones
•  Diversity priorities
Homes Growth & Quality
•  Active booked listings growth
•  Total nights booked growth
28.5
Experiences Growth & Quality
•  Launch of new categories
•  Seats booked growth
China Growth & Quality
•  Origin nights booked
Profitability
•  2019 Adjusted EBITDA
performance relative to outlook as of June 30, 2019.
Total
Adjusted  EBITDA is calculated as: net income or loss adjusted for  (i) provision for income taxes; (ii) interest income, interest expense, and other income (expense),  net; (iii) depreciation and amortization; (iv) stock-based  compensation expense; and (v) net changes to the reserves for  lodging taxes for which management believes it is probable that we may be held jointly liable with hosts  for collecting and remitting such taxes.
Adjusted EBITDA achieved for 2019 was $(253.3) million, which was below the Adjusted EBITDA outlook as of June 30, 2019.
Based on our achievement during the second half performance period of the 2019 Bonus Plan, our named executive officers were awarded bonuses as follows:
Named Executive
Officer
50% of Annual Base
Salary ($)
Target Annual
Bonus (%)
Second Half
Percentage
Achievement (%)
Service Proration
Second Half
Performance Period
Bonus Payout ($)
Dave Stephenson
300,000
168,750
Belinda Johnson
300,000
168,750
Aristotle Balogh
300,000
168,750
Greg Greeley
300,000
168,750
Hiring Bonuses
In connection with his commencement of employment in 2019, Mr. Stephenson was eligible to receive a
one-time
cash hiring bonus in an  aggregate amount of $2,400,000. 50% of his hiring bonus was paid  following his employment commencement date, and 50% of his hiring bonus  was paid shortly after January 7, 2020, the first anniversary of his employment commencement date. In the  event of Mr. Stephenson’s termination of employment for any reason  other than by the company without Cause or his resignation for Good  Reason (each, as defined in his offer letter) prior to January 7, 2020, Mr. Stephenson would  have been obligated to repay a pro rata portion of the first installment  of the hiring bonus, and in the event of his termination of employment  for any reason other than by the company without Cause or his resignation for Good Reason prior to  January 7, 2021, he will be obligated to repay a pro rata portion  of the second installment of the hiring bonus.
In  connection with his commencement of employment in 2018, we agreed to  pay to Mr. Balogh a signing bonus of $675,000, which bonus was intended to compensate him  for the value of equity awards granted to him by his previous employer  that were forfeited and was paid in January 2019.
Equity Compensation
Equity  compensation reinforces the importance of a long-term, ownership orientation, creates  alignment with our stakeholders, and promotes retention. Equity-based  compensation is the most significant portion of compensation for our  named executive officers.
We  grant stock options and RSUs to our executives, which have historically  covered shares of our Class B common stock. Stock options only  provide value to executives when the stock price increases. We believe that  stock price growth will only happen in a meaningful and sustained way if  we are successful in creating value across all of our core  stakeholders. Their
10-year
term  further promotes a long-term orientation. RSUs generally expire after  seven years if the vesting conditions have not been met and promote  ownership, alignment with stockholders, and retention.
Our  stock options generally vest over four years, subject to continued  service. Our RSUs generally have both service-based and liquidity-based  vesting conditions. The service-based vesting period for these awards is  typically four years with quarterly vesting over the four-year period,  subject to continued service. The liquidity-based vesting condition is  satisfied upon (i) an initial public offering of our securities (“IPO”) or (ii) a change in control as  defined in our equity incentive plans. In connection with this offering,  and in accordance with the terms of our RSU agreements, our board of  directors approved that the liquidity-based vesting condition will be deemed satisfied upon the  effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus  forms a part and that any then vested RSUs will be settled on such date.
As  described below under “Description of Capital Stock — Equity Award  Amendment,” in connection with this offering, our board of directors amended outstanding equity awards granted under our 2008 Plan  and 2018 Plan so that such awards will settle in shares of Class A  common stock instead of Class B common stock in connection with and  after this offering, excluding the stock options held by individuals holding at least 1% of our outstanding  capital stock. Where references are made to options to purchase Class B  common stock or RSUs settling in Class B common stock in this  “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” they refer to our historical practice of granting equity  awards that settle in shares of Class B common stock.
2019 Equity Grants
Annual Equity Grants
We  made annual equity grants to our executives in March 2019. Of our named  executive officers, only Ms. Johnson received an annual grant,  which consisted of an option to purchase 297,500 shares of Class B common  stock and an award of 49,582 RSUs. The option vests as to 6.25% of the  shares subject to the option on May 25, 2019 and each of the first  three quarterly anniversaries thereafter, and as to 1/48
of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary  thereafter, subject to Ms. Johnson’s continued service with us. The service-based vesting condition of Ms. Johnson’s RSUs was satisfied  as to 6.25% of the RSUs on May 25, 2019 and each quarterly  anniversary thereafter, subject to Ms. Johnson’s continued service  with us, and the liquidity-based vesting condition for her RSUs is as set forth above.  With respect to annual grants to our continuing executives, including  Ms. Johnson, the Chief Executive Officer reviewed a number of  factors and considerations (see the subsection titled “ — Determination of Compensation” above) for each  executive and established specific recommendations for the consideration  of the board of directors.
Mr. Chesky did not receive any equity awards in 2019.
Messrs.  Balogh and Greeley received new hire awards in 2018 that were intended  to cover their 2019 annual grants, and therefore did not receive equity grants in 2019. Mr. Stephenson received a new hire award in  connection with his commencement of employment in 2019 that was also  intended to cover the annual equity grants he would have received in  2019, as described below.
New Hire Equity Grants
In  2019, we made a new hire equity grant of 285,714 RSUs to  Mr. Stephenson, who commenced employment in January 2019. Such  award was intended to cover both a new hire incentive and the 2019 annual grant he otherwise  would have received in March 2019. The service-based vesting condition  for Mr. Stephenson’s RSUs was satisfied as to 1/4
of the RSUs on February 25, 2020, and will be satisfied as to 1/16
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to his continued service with us. The  liquidity-based vesting condition for the RSUs is satisfied as described  above.
2020 Equity Grants
In  2020, we made equity grants to certain of our named executive officers. As described  above under the subsection titled “ — 2019 Compensation Highlights,” our  2020 annual grants were delayed from March 2020 to July 2020, and grant  sizes were determined based on a premium per share stock price. This resulted in  smaller grants being made to our named executive officers when compared  to the grant sizes that would have been awarded using our historical  methodology. On July 7, 2020, we granted 99,554 and 111,998 RSUs subject to both service-based and  liquidity-based vesting conditions to Messrs. Stephenson and Balogh,  respectively. The service-based vesting condition for each of the RSUs  granted to Messrs. Stephenson and Balogh is satisfied as to 1/16
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of February 25, 2020,  subject to the executive’s continued service with us. The  liquidity-based vesting condition for the RSUs will be satisfied as described above.
On  March 24, 2020, in connection with Ms. Johnson’s appointment to our board of directors, we granted her an option to  purchase 31,110 shares of Class B common stock and 1,036 RSUs, as  described in more detail under the subsection titled “ — Belinda Johnson  Board Transition Letter.” On July 7, 2020, we also granted RSUs subject to both  service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions to our
non-employee
directors under our
non-employee
director  compensation policy, including 8,514 RSUs to Ms. Johnson. The  service-based vesting condition for the RSUs granted to Ms. Johnson  is satisfied as to 1/4
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of May 25, 2020, subject  to her continued service with us. The liquidity-based vesting condition  for the RSUs will be satisfied as described above.
2020 Incentive Award Plan
We  intend to adopt a 2020 Incentive Award Plan (“2020 Plan”) in order to  facilitate the grant of cash and equity incentives to directors, employees (including our named executive officers) and consultants of  our company and certain of its affiliates and to enable our company and  certain of its affiliates to obtain and retain services of these  individuals, which is essential to our long-term success. We expect that the 2020 Plan will be effective on the  day prior to the date the registration statement relating to this  prospectus becomes effective. For additional information about the 2020  Plan, see the section titled “2020 Incentive Award Plan” below.
Perquisites and Other Benefits
We  do not view perquisites or other personal benefits as a significant  component of our executive compensation program. Accordingly, with the exception of the benefits below, we do not generally provide perquisites  to our executive officers.
As  a result of Mr. Chesky’s profile as our Chief Executive Officer,  we engaged a third-party consulting firm to perform an assessment of  Mr. Chesky’s security risks, which concluded that there is a bona  fide business-oriented security concern with respect to Mr. Chesky  warranting a security program for him. Consistent with such assessment, we maintain a security program pursuant  to which we pay for costs related to security for Mr. Chesky  during certain hours at his personal residence and during certain  personal travel, including the use of a leased car and a driver, who also acts as security detail for  Mr. Chesky. Since limited aspects of this program provide direct  and indirect benefits to Mr. Chesky personally and despite the  overarching business purpose of the program, the costs of this program attributable to security at his personal residence  or during personal travel are reported in our “2019 Summary  Compensation Table” below as “All Other Compensation” for  Mr. Chesky.
In  connection with his commencement of employment, we also agreed to  provide certain travel reimbursements to Mr. Stephenson. In  addition, he will be eligible to receive reimbursement for reasonable relocation  expenses at the time of his relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area.
All employees,  including our named executive officers, are provided an employee travel  coupon up to $500 at the beginning of each calendar quarter, as well as  an additional amount intended to serve as a tax
gross-up
on the value of the travel coupon.
We may also pay filing fees incurred by our executives under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 on their behalf from time to time.
Gross-Ups
. We do not make
gross-up
payments to cover our named executive officers’ personal income taxes  that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided by our company, other than nominal amounts  provided to all employees in connection with the employee travel coupon,  as described above.
Health and Welfare and Retirement Benefits
Health/Welfare Plans.
All of our full-time employees, including our named executive officers, are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans, including:
medical, dental, and vision benefits;
medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts;
short-term and long-term disability insurance; and
life and accidental death and disability insurance.
401(k) Plan.
We  currently maintain a 401(k) retirement savings plan for our U.S.  employees, including our named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. The Internal Revenue Code allows  eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within  prescribed limits, on a
pre-tax
basis through contributions to the 401(k) plan. Currently, we match contributions made by participants in the  401(k) plan up to a specified percentage of the employee contributions,  and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on  which the contribution is made. We believe that providing a vehicle for
tax-deferred
retirement savings though our 401(k) plan, and making fully vested  matching contributions, adds to the overall desirability of our  executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including our named  executive officers, in accordance with our compensation policies.
Severance Benefits
We  are party to offer letters with each of our named executive officers, which in  certain cases, provide for limited severance benefits and payments upon  qualifying terminations. We also entered into a severance
agreement with Mr. Greeley in connection with his separation from  us effective August 1, 2020 and a board transition letter with  Ms. Johnson in connection with her transition from our Chief Operating Officer to a
non-employee
director effective March 1, 2020. A description of these  arrangements is set forth under the subsection titled “ — Employment  Agreements” below, and information on the estimated payments and benefits that our  named executive officers would have been eligible to receive as of  December 31, 2019, is set forth in the subsection titled “ —  Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” below.
Company Policies Regarding Hedging
Executive  officers and members of the board of directors may not directly or  indirectly engage in transactions intended to hedge or offset the market value of Airbnb stock owned by them.
Tax and Accounting Considerations
As  a general matter, our board of directors reviews and considers the  various tax and accounting implications of compensation programs we  utilize.
Deductibility of Executive Compensation
.  Section 162(m) of the Code denies a publicly-traded corporation a  federal income tax deduction for remuneration in excess of $1 million per year per  person paid to executives designated in Section 162(m) of the Code,  including, but not limited to, its chief executive officer, chief  financial officer, and the next three highly compensated executive officers. However, we believe that  maintaining the discretion to provide compensation that is
non-deductible
allows us to provide compensation tailored to the needs of our company and our named executive officers and is an important part of our responsibilities and benefits our stockholders.
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
. We follow Financial Accounting Standard Board  Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation — Stock  Compensation (“ASC Topic 718”) for our stock-based compensation awards.  ASC Topic 718 requires companies to measure the compensation expense for all share-based awards made to  employees and directors, including stock options and RSUs, based on the  grant-date fair value of these awards. This calculation is performed for  accounting purposes and reported in the compensation tables below, even though our executive officers may  never realize any value from their awards.
Executive Compensation Tables
2019 Summary Compensation Table
The following table contains information about the compensation earned by each of our named executive officers during 2019.
Name and Principal
Position
Year
Salary ($)
Bonus ($)
Stock
Awards ($)
Option
Awards
Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation
All Other
Compensation
Total ($)
Brian Chesky
2019
110,000
310,982
420,982
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dave Stephenson
2019
588,462
1,200,000
17,115,697
321,053
8,897
19,234,109
Chief Financial Officer
Belinda Johnson
2019
600,000
3,000
3,124,906
9,775,424
326,250
11,368
13,840,948
Former Chief Operating Officer
Aristotle Balogh
2019
600,000
675,000
326,250
11,369
1,612,619
Chief Technology Officer
Greg Greeley
2019
600,000
326,250
10,764
937,014
Former President of Homes
Amounts  reflect the grant-date fair value of stock awards and option awards  granted during 2019 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or  realized by the named individual. During 2019, Mr. Stephenson and  Ms. Johnson were granted RSUs that are subject to both  service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions. The grant-date fair value of RSUs granted in 2019 reported  in the table above assumes achievement of the liquidity-based vesting  condition. Note that while the grant-date fair value assuming  achievement of the liquidity-based vesting condition is included in the table above, the achievement of the  liquidity-based vesting condition was not deemed probable on the date of  grant. See Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus for the assumptions used in calculating these values.
Amounts reflect payouts under each of the semi-annual performance periods under the 2019 Bonus Plan. See the description of the 2019 Bonus Plan under “Cash Incentive Compensation — 2019 Bonus Plan” above.
The following table provides the amounts of other compensation, paid to, or on behalf of, named executive officers during 2019 included in the “All Other Compensation” column.
Name
401(k)
Matching
Contributions ($)
Security
Costs ($)
Travel
Coupons ($)
Travel
Coupons-
Gross-Up ($)
Total
Brian Chesky
307,797
2,000
1,185
310,982
Dave Stephenson
5,197
2,000
1,700
8,897
Belinda Johnson
8,400
2,000
11,369
Aristotle Balogh
8,400
2,000
11,369
Greg Greeley
8,068
2,000
10,764
a.  Represents personal security costs paid on behalf of Mr. Chesky by  the company during 2019, including the costs of a leased vehicle, driver, and  security detail, in each case, attributable to security at his personal  residence or during personal travel.
Mr. Stephenson commenced employment on January 7, 2019.
Amount represents the portion of the hiring bonus paid to Mr. Stephenson in 2019 in connection with his commencement of employment.
Amount represents a
one-time
bonus paid to Ms. Johnson under a broad-based employee incentive program.
Amount represents a signing bonus paid to Mr. Balogh in 2019 in connection with his commencement of employment in November 2018.
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2019
The  following table provides information relating to grants of plan-based  awards made to our named executive officers during 2019. Mr. Chesky  did not receive any grants of plan-based awards in 2019.
Estimated Future Payouts
Under
Non-Equity
Incentive
Plan Awards
Estimated Future Payouts
Under Equity Incentive Plan
Awards
All Other
Stock
Awards:
Number
Shares
of Stock
or Units
All Other
Option
Awards:
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Options
Exercise
or Base
Price Per
Share of
Option
Awards
($/Share)
Grant-
Date Fair
Value of
Stock
Option
Awards
Name
Grant
Date
Threshold
Target
Maximum
Threshold
Target
Maximum
Dave Stephenson
2/20/2019
443,250
443,250
285,714
285,714
17,115,697
Belinda Johnson
450,000
450,000
3/21/2019
49,582
49,582
3,124,906
3/21/2019
297,500
63.03
9,775,424
Aristotle Balogh
450,000
450,000
Greg Greeley
450,000
450,000
Represents potential payouts under the 2019 Bonus Plan. Target and maximum amounts assume full achievement of all goals. For additional detail on the 2019 Bonus Plan, see “Cash Incentive Compensation – 2019 Bonus Plan” above.
Represent  RSUs that vest based on the satisfaction of both a service-based  vesting condition and a liquidity-based vesting condition, which is satisfied as described above  under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Elements of Our Executive  Compensation Program — Equity Compensation.”
The  amounts shown represent the grant-date fair value per share determined  in accordance with ASC Topic 718, multiplied by the number of shares, assuming achievement of the  liquidity-based vesting condition. During 2019, Mr. Stephenson and  Ms. Johnson were granted RSUs that are subject to both  service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions. Note that while the grant-date fair value assuming  achievement of the liquidity-based vesting condition is included in the  table above, the achievement of the liquidity-based vesting condition  was not deemed probable on the date of grant. See Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus for the assumptions used in calculating  these values.
The service-based vesting condition for Mr. Stephenson’s RSUs was satisfied as to 1/4
of the RSUs on February 25, 2020 and is satisfied as to 1/16
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to his continued service with us.
The  service-based condition of Ms. Johnson’s RSUs was satisfied as to  6.25% of the RSUs on May 25, 2019 and is satisfied as to 6.25% of the RSUs on each  quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to Ms. Johnson’s  continued service with us.
The option vested as to 6.25% of the shares subject to the option on May 25, 2019 and each of the first three quarterly anniversaries thereafter, and vests as to 1/48
of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to Ms. Johnson’s continued service with us.
Outstanding Equity Awards at
Year-End
Table
The following table summarizes the number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2019.
Option Awards
Stock Awards
Name
Vesting
Commencement
Date
Number
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
Exercisable
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
Unexercisable
Option
Exercise
Price
Option
Expiration
Date
Equity Incentive Plan
Awards: Number of
Unearned Shares,
Units or Other Rights
That Have Not Vested
Equity Incentive
Plan Awards:
Market or Payout
Value of
Unearned Shares,
Units or Other
Rights That Have
Not Vested
Brian Chesky
9,192,588
3.19
2/17/2024
Dave Stephenson
2/25/2020
285,714
17,008,554
Belinda Johnson
82,644
0.99
12/1/2021
1,638,472
0.99
12/1/2021
386,680
29.96
11/30/25
2/25/2017
242,856
100,002
52.50
4/19/27
2/25/2018
163,690
193,454
52.70
3/22/28
2/25/2019
55,780
241,720
63.03
3/21/2029
11/25/2015
64,446
3,836,470
11/25/2015
257,786
15,346,001
2/25/2017
57,142
3,401,663
2/25/2018
59,524
3,543,464
2/25/2019
49,582
2,951,616
Aristotle Balogh
5/25/2019
47,618
180,952
59.91
11/13/2028
11/25/2018
380,952
22,678,073
5/25/2019
38,094
2,267,736
Greg Greeley
3/12/2018
(10)
476,190
52.70
3/15/2028
3/12/2018
(11)
476,190
52.70
3/15/2028
3/12/2018
(12)
142,856
52.70
3/15/2028
5/25/2018
476,190
28,347,591
5/25/2018
(13)
109,524
6,519,964
Represent  RSUs that vest based on the satisfaction of both a service-based  vesting condition and a liquidity-based vesting condition, which is satisfied as described above  under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Elements of Our Executive  Compensation Program — Equity Compensation.”
Amounts are calculated by multiplying the number of shares shown in the table by $59.53, the fair market value of our common stock as of December 31, 2019, as determined by the board of directors.
The service-based vesting condition of the RSUs is satisfied as to 25% of the RSUs on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and as to 1/16
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
The option vests as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and as to 1/48
of the shares on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
The option vests as to 1/16
of the shares subject to the option on each quarterly anniversary of the vesting commencement date and as to 1/48
of the shares on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
The service-based vesting condition of the RSUs is satisfied as to 1/8
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of the vesting commencement  date, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
The service-based vesting condition of the RSUs is satisfied as to 1/16
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of the vesting commencement  date, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
The option vests as to 6.25% of the shares subject to the option on the vesting commencement date and as to 1/48
of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary  thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
The  service-based vesting condition of the RSUs is satisfied as to (i) 40%  of the RSUs on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, (ii) 7.5% of the RSUs on  each of the next four subsequent quarterly anniversaries thereafter, and  (iii) 2.5% of the RSUs on each of the next four subsequent quarterly  anniversaries thereafter, in each case, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
(10)
The  option vests as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on the  second anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining shares will vest in 36 substantially  equal installments on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to  the executive’s continued service with us.
(11)
The  option vests as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on the third  anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining shares will vest in 36 substantially  equal installments on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to  the executive’s continued service with us.
(12)
The  option vests as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on the  fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining shares will vest in 36 substantially  equal installments on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to  the executive’s continued service with us.
(13)
The service-based vesting condition of the RSUs is satisfied as to 4/15th of the RSUs on the fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date and as to 1/15
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued service with us.
Option Exercises and Stock Vested
In 2019, none of our named executive officers exercised any options, and no stock awards vested.
Pension Benefits
We do not maintain any defined benefit pension plans.
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
We do not maintain any nonqualified deferred compensation plans.
Employment Agreements
We are a party to offer letters with each of our named executive officers. These agreements provide for
at-will
employment and generally include the named executive officer’s initial  base salary, initial target bonus, initial equity award grants, and standard benefit plan eligibility. In  addition, certain offer letters provide for payments in the event of  qualifying terminations of employment, as described below. Any such  severance benefits are limited in the size of the benefit or the duration for which they are effective, and  Ms. Johnson’s and Mr. Balogh’s offer letters do not provide  for any such payments and benefits. Any potential payments and benefits  due upon a termination of employment or a change in control of us are quantified below in the  subsection titled “ — Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in  Control.”
We  also entered into a severance agreement with Mr. Greeley in  connection with his separation from us effective August 1, 2020 and a board transition  letter with Ms. Johnson in connection with her transition from our  Chief Operating Officer to
non-employee
director effective March 1, 2020, each of which are described below.
Brian Chesky Offer Letter
We  entered into an offer letter with Mr. Chesky in July 2008.  Mr. Chesky’s offer letter provides that in the event that his  employment is terminated without Cause or he resigns due to a Constructive  Termination (each, as defined in his offer letter), Mr. Chesky will  receive a lump sum payment equal to three months of his then-current  base salary and three months of benefit continuation. Such payments and benefits are subject to  Mr. Chesky’s execution of a release of claims against the company.
Dave Stephenson Offer Letter
We  entered into an offer letter with Mr. Stephenson in connection  with his commencement of employment in January 2019 as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Stephenson’s offer  letter provides for an initial base salary of $600,000, an initial  target bonus of 75% of his base salary, and a
one-time
hiring bonus in the aggregate amount of $2,400,000. 50% of his hiring bonus was  paid following his employment commencement date, and 50% of his hiring  bonus was paid following the first anniversary of his employment  commencement date. In the event of Mr. Stephenson’s termination of employment for any reason other  than by the company without Cause or his resignation for Good Reason  (each, as defined in his offer letter) prior to January 7, 2020,  Mr. Stephenson would have been obligated to repay a pro rata portion of the first installment of the  hiring bonus, and in the event of his termination of employment for any  reason other than by the company without Cause or his resignation for  Good Reason prior to January 7, 2021, he will be obligated to repay a pro rata portion of the second  installment of the hiring bonus.
Pursuant  to his offer letter, Mr. Stephenson received new hire RSUs covering 285,714 shares that  is subject to a service-based vesting condition and a liquidity-based  vesting condition. The liquidity-based vesting condition is satisfied  upon certain events as described above under “Equity Compensation.” The service-based vesting condition  for Mr. Stephenson’s RSUs is satisfied as to 1/4
of the RSUs on February 25, 2020, and as to 1/16
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to his continued service with us.
In  the event of Mr. Stephenson’s termination from the company without  Cause or for Good Reason, in either case, was prior to February 26, 2020, Mr. Stephenson would have been entitled to  receive either, as determined in the company’s sole discretion:  (i) a cash payment equal to $4,000,000 or (ii) acceleration of  the service-based vesting of 76,190 shares subject to Mr. Stephenson’s RSUs. Such payment or benefit is  subject to Mr. Stephenson’s execution of a release of claims  against the company.
Greg Greeley Offer Letter
We entered  into an offer letter with Mr. Greeley in February 2018.  Mr. Greeley’s offer letter provides that in the event of his  termination without Cause or his resignation for Good Reason (each, as  defined in his offer letter) prior to the second anniversary of his employment commencement date, he will be  eligible to receive, in the company’s discretion, either (i) a lump  sum payment equal to $12,500,000 less the product of $520,833 and the  number of months Mr. Greeley was employed by the company or (ii) acceleration  of the service-based vesting of a number of RSUs equal to 238,096 less  the product of 9,920 shares and the number of months Mr. Greeley  was employed by the company, provided that if the termination date occurred prior to the initial one year  cliff time-vesting date of his new hire RSUs, the accelerated share
number would be 238,096 shares. Such payment or benefit is subject to  Mr. Greeley’s execution of a release of claims against the company.
Greg Greeley Severance Agreement
We  entered into a severance agreement with Mr. Greeley, pursuant to  which he transitioned from our President of Homes to a consulting role  with us effective August 1, 2020 for a period ending on  November 26, 2020. Under the severance agreement, in exchange for a  release of claims against the company and his continued services  through the consulting period, Mr. Greeley will receive: (i) a lump sum payment in the amount of $600,000; (ii)  payment of continued healthcare premiums for up to twelve months  following his termination date; and (iii) in consideration for  Mr. Greeley’s agreement to a
non-compete
covenant for twelve months following his termination date,  Mr. Greeley’s option to purchase 476,190 shares of Class B  common stock that was originally to commence vesting in March 2021 was amended to remove the
one-year
cliff such that the option will be deemed to instead vest monthly from  March 12, 2020 through the end of the consulting period. In  addition, Mr. Greeley’s continued consulting services to the company will be deemed to be  services satisfying the service-based vesting condition on his  outstanding equity awards.
Belinda Johnson Board Transition Letter
We  entered into a board transition letter with Ms. Johnson in  connection with her transition from our Chief Operating Officer to a
non-employee
member of the board of directors, pursuant to which she agreed to  forfeit each outstanding RSU for which the service-based requirement was  not satisfied and the unvested shares subject to her outstanding options, in each case, as of March 1, 2020. In  connection with her appointment to the board of directors, we also  granted to Ms. Johnson 1,036 RSUs, for which the service-based  vesting condition was satisfied in full on May 25, 2020, and an option to purchase 31,110 shares of  Class B common stock that vests as to 1/24
of the underlying shares on each monthly anniversary of March 1, 2020, subject to her continued service with us. The  liquidity-based vesting condition for Ms. Johnson’s RSUs is  satisfied upon certain events as described above under “Equity  Compensation.”
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control
The  table below quantifies certain compensation and benefits that would  have become payable to each of our named executive officers if his or  her employment had terminated on December 31, 2019, as a result of each of the  termination scenarios described below.
Named Executive Officer
Termination Scenario
Severance ($)
Continued
Healthcare ($)
Total ($)
Brian Chesky
Termination without Cause or Constructive Termination
27,500
3,000
30,500
Dave Stephenson
Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason
4,000,000
4,000,000
Belinda Johnson
Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason
Aristotle Balogh
Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason
Greg Greeley
Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason
1,041,674
1,041,674
In  addition to the severance benefits provided under certain named  executive officers’ offer letters, as described above, under our 2008 Plan and our 2018 Plan, in  the event of a change in control of the company where outstanding awards  are not assumed or substituted, all awards will vest in full. In such  event, the value of the accelerated equity that our named executive officers would receive are as follows:  Mr. Chesky: $0; Mr. Stephenson: $17,008,554; Ms. Johnson:  $31,103,519, which includes $23,624,598 in respect of RSUs for which  the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of December 31, 2019;
Mr. Balogh: $24,945,809, which includes $9,354,544 in respect of  RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of  December 31, 2019; and Mr. Greeley: $42,348,016, which includes $10,630,271 in respect of RSUs for which the  service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of December 31, 2019.  The value of accelerated options is calculated by multiplying  (i) the number of shares accelerated by (ii) any positive excess of $59.53, the fair market value of our  common stock as of December 31, 2019, over the applicable exercise  price, and the value of accelerated RSUs is calculated by multiplying  the number of RSUs accelerated by $59.53, the fair market value of our common stock as of  December 31, 2019.
Represents three months of Mr. Chesky’s annual base salary.
Represents three months of the cost of benefit continuation for Mr. Chesky.
Assumes  the company elected to provide a cash severance payment. In the event  the company elected to accelerate the service-based vesting of 76,190 RSUs, the value of such  accelerated shares would have been $4,535,590 based on the estimated  fair market value of the company’s common stock on December 31,  2019.
Amounts  represent payments and benefits for which Mr. Greeley would have  been eligible assuming an applicable termination on December 31, 2019 pursuant to his offer  letter. A description of the benefits under Mr. Greeley’s  separation agreement entered into in connection with his actual  termination on August 1, 2020 is provided in the narrative above.
Assumes  the company elected to provide a cash severance payment equal to  $12,500,000 less the product of $520,833 and the number of months Mr. Greeley was employed by the  company as of December 31, 2019. In the event the company elected  to accelerate the service-based vesting of a number of shares subject to  Mr. Greeley’s RSUs equal to 238,096 less the product of 9,920 shares and the number of months  Mr. Greeley was employed by the company as of December 31,  2019, the value of such accelerated shares would have been $1,182,028  based on the estimated fair market value of the company’s common stock on December 31, 2019.
Equity Plans
2008 Equity Incentive Plan
Our board  of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our 2008 Plan,  effective as of July 13, 2008, and the 2008 Plan has been  subsequently amended on multiple occasions. The 2008 Plan provides for  the grant of incentive stock options, or ISOs, nonqualified stock options, or NSOs, restricted stock and RSUs  covering our Class B common stock. As of September 30, 2020,  options to purchase 38,248,968 shares of our common stock at a  weighted-average exercise price per share of $4.96 and 38,221,076 RSUs remained outstanding under the 2008 Plan. In  connection with the adoption of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, we  ceased granting awards under the 2008 Plan; however, outstanding awards  under the 2008 Plan continue to be governed by its existing terms.
Administration
.  Our board of directors or a committee thereof appointed by our board of  directors has the authority to administer the 2008 Plan and the awards granted under it.  The administrator’s authority includes the authority to select the  service providers to whom awards will be granted under the 2008 Plan,  the number of shares to be subject to those awards under the 2008 Plan, and the terms and conditions of the  awards granted. In addition, the administrator has the authority to  construe and interpret the 2008 Plan and to prescribe, amend and rescind  rules and regulations relating to the 2008 Plan.
Awards
. The 2008 Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue options, including ISOs and NSOs, restricted stock and RSUs to employees, consultants and directors; provided that only employees may be granted ISOs.
Stock Options
.  The 2008 Plan provides for the grant of ISOs or NSOs. ISOs may be  granted only to employees. NSOs may be granted to employees, directors or consultants.  The exercise price of ISOs granted to employees who at the time of grant  own stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all series  of our common stock may not be less than 110% of the fair market value per share of our common stock on  the date of grant, and the exercise price of ISOs granted to any other  employees may not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share  of our common stock on the date of grant. The exercise price of NSOs to employees, directors or consultants  may not be less than 85% of the fair market value per share of our  common stock on the date of grant.
Restricted Stock Awards
.  The 2008 Plan provides for the grant of restricted stock awards. Each restricted stock award will be governed by a restricted stock award  agreement, which will detail the restrictions on transferability, risk  of forfeiture and other restrictions the administrator approves. In  general, restricted stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined or otherwise encumbered  until restrictions are removed or expire. Holders of restricted stock,  unlike recipients of other equity awards, will have voting rights and  will have the right to receive dividends, if any, prior to the time when the restrictions lapse.
Restricted Stock Units
.  The 2008 Plan provides that we may issue RSUs which may be settled in either cash or common stock. Each RSU award will be governed by a  restricted stock unit award agreement that will set forth any vesting  conditions based on continued employment or service or on performance  criteria established by the administrator. Unlike restricted stock, stock underlying RSUs will not be issued until  the restricted stock units have vested, and recipients of RSUs generally  will have no rights as a stockholder prior to the time when vesting  conditions are satisfied.
Adjustments of Awards
.  In the event that the number of outstanding shares of the company’s  Class B common stock is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split,  reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or  similar change in the capital structure of the company without  consideration, then the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan, the exercise or purchase prices of and  shares subject to outstanding awards will be proportionately adjusted.
Change in Control
.  In the event of a change in control in which the successor or acquiring  company does not assume or substitute outstanding awards, then the vesting of such awards will accelerate, and options  will become exercisable in full prior to the consummation of such event.
Amendment and Termination
.  Our board of directors may amend or terminate the 2008 Plan at any  time, subject to stockholder approval as required by applicable law. In connection with the adoption of our 2018 Equity  Incentive Plan, we ceased granting awards under the 2008 Plan.
Hotel Tonight, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan
In  connection with our acquisition of Hotel Tonight, Inc., in April 2019,  we assumed the Hotel Tonight Plan. The Hotel Tonight Plan provides for the grant of ISOs,  NSOs SARs, stock awards, restricted stock, RSUs, and other stock and  cash-based awards covering our Class A common stock. As of  September 30, 2020, options to purchase 181,782 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise price per  share of $22.65 and 42,580 RSUs remained outstanding under the Hotel  Tonight Plan. In connection with the effectiveness of our 2020 Plan, no  further awards will be granted under the Hotel Tonight Plan. However, all outstanding awards will continue to be  governed by their existing terms.
Administration
.  Our board of directors has the authority to administer the Hotel Tonight Plan and the  awards granted under it. The administrator’s authority includes the  authority to select the service providers to whom awards will be granted  under the Hotel Tonight Plan, the number of shares to be subject to those awards under the Hotel  Tonight Plan, and the terms and conditions of the awards granted. In  addition, the administrator has the authority to construe and interpret  the Hotel Tonight Plan and to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Hotel Tonight  Plan.
Awards
.  The Hotel Tonight Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue options, including ISOs and NSOs, SARs, restricted  stock and RSUs to employees, consultants and directors; provided that  only employees may be granted ISOs.
Stock Options
. The Hotel Tonight Plan provides for the grant of ISOs or NSOs. ISOs may be granted only to employees. NSOs may be granted to employees, directors or consultants. The exercise price
of  ISOs granted to employees who at the time of grant own stock  representing more than 10% of the voting power of all series of our common stock may not be less than 110% of the  fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of grant,  and the exercise price of options granted to any other employees may not  be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of grant, unless  otherwise determined by the administrator.
Stock Appreciation Rights
.  The Hotel Tonight Plan provides for the grant of SARs. The exercise price of SARs may not be less than 100% of the fair market value per  share of our common stock on the date of grant and will be settled in  cash or shares or a combination thereof, having a value equal to the  difference between the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price, multiplied  by the number of shares subject to the SAR that are being exercised.
Stock Awards and
Restricted Stock Awards
.  The Hotel Tonight Plan provides for the grant of stock awards, which are not subject to transfer or other restrictions,  and restricted stock awards. The administrator will establish the  restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other  restrictions applicable to each restricted stock award. In general, restricted stock may not be sold, transferred,  pledged, hypothecated, margined or otherwise encumbered until  restrictions are removed or expire. Holders of restricted stock, unlike  recipients of other equity awards, will have voting rights and will have the right to receive dividends, if any,  prior to the time when the restrictions lapse.
Restricted Stock Units
.  The Hotel Tonight Plan provides that we may issue RSUs which may be settled in either cash or common stock. The administrator will establish  any vesting conditions based on continued employment or service or  performance criteria applicable to RSUs. Unlike restricted stock, stock  underlying RSUs will not be issued until the restricted stock units have vested, and recipients of RSUs  generally will have no rights as a stockholder prior to the time when  vesting conditions are satisfied.
Other Stock or Cash-Based Awards
. The Hotel Tonight Plan provides that the administrator may grant other incentives payable in cash or common stock subject to such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate.
Adjustments of Awards
. In the event that a stock dividend, stock split,
spin-off,
combination or exchange of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation,  distribution to stockholders other than a normal cash dividend, or other  change in the company’s corporate or capital structure results in  (i) the outstanding shares of common stock, or any securities exchanged therefor or received in their place,  being exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the  company or any other company or (ii) new, different or additional  securities of the company or any other company being received by the holders of shares of common stock, then  the administrator will make proportional adjustments in the maximum  number and kind of securities available for issuance under the Hotel  Tonight Plan, the maximum number and kind of securities issuable as ISOs, and the number and kind of securities  that are subject to any outstanding award and per share price of such  securities.
Change in Control
.  In the event of a change in control in which the successor or acquiring  company does not assume or substitute outstanding awards, then the vesting, and as applicable, exercisability, of such  awards will accelerate in full. The administrator may also provide for  the termination of outstanding awards upon a change in control in  exchange for a cash payment in the amount of the acquisition price less any exercise or purchase price.
Amendment and Termination
.  Our board of directors may amend or terminate the Hotel Tonight Plan at any time, subject to stockholder approval as  required by applicable law. In connection with the effectiveness of our  2020 Plan, no further awards will be granted under the Hotel Tonight  Plan.
2018 Equity Incentive Plan
Our  board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our 2018  Plan, effective as of March 15, 2018, and the 2018 Plan has  subsequently been amended. The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of ISOs, NSOs, stock  appreciation rights, or SARs, restricted stock and RSUs covering our  Class A or Class B common stock. As of September 30, 2020,  options to purchase 6,408,714 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise price per share of  $49.77 and 51,916,176 RSUs remained outstanding under the 2018 Plan. In  connection with the effectiveness of our 2020 Plan, no further awards  will be granted under the 2018 Plan. However, all outstanding awards will continue to be governed by their  existing terms.
Administration
.  Our board of directors or a committee thereof appointed by our board of directors has the authority  to administer the 2018 Plan and the awards granted under it. The  administrator’s authority includes the authority to select the service  providers to whom awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan, the number of shares to be subject to those  awards under the 2018 Plan, and the terms and conditions of the awards  granted. In addition, the administrator has the authority to construe  and interpret the 2018 Plan and to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the 2018  Plan.
Awards
.  The 2018 Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue options, including ISOs and NSOs, SARs, restricted stock  and RSUs to employees, consultants and directors; provided that only  employees may be granted ISOs.
Stock Options
.  The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of ISOs or NSOs. ISOs may be  granted only to employees. NSOs may be granted to employees, directors or consultants.  The exercise price of ISOs granted to employees who at the time of grant  own stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all series  of our common stock may not be less than 110% of the fair market value per share of our common stock on  the date of grant, and the exercise price of options granted to any  other employees may not be less than 100% of the fair market value per  share of our common stock on the date of grant, unless otherwise determined by the administrator.
Stock Appreciation Rights
.  The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of SARs. Each SAR will be governed by a SAR agreement. The exercise price of SARs may not be less  than 100% of the fair market value per share of our common stock on the  date of grant and will be settled in cash or shares or a combination  thereof, having a value equal to the difference between the fair market value of the shares on the date of  exercise and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares  subject to the SAR that are being exercised.
Restricted Stock Awards
.  The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of restricted stock awards. Each restricted stock award will be governed by a restricted stock award  agreement, which will detail the restrictions on transferability, risk  of forfeiture and other restrictions the administrator approves. In  general, restricted stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined or otherwise encumbered  until restrictions are removed or expire. Holders of restricted stock,  unlike recipients of other equity awards, will have voting rights and  will have the right to receive dividends, if any, prior to the time when the restrictions lapse.
Restricted Stock Units
.  The 2018 Plan provides that we may issue RSUs which may be settled in either cash or common stock. Each RSU award will be governed by a  restricted stock unit award agreement that will set forth any vesting  conditions based on continued employment or service or on performance  criteria established by the administrator. Unlike restricted stock, stock underlying RSUs will not be issued until  the restricted stock units have vested, and recipients of RSUs generally  will have no rights as a stockholder prior to the time when vesting  conditions are satisfied.
Adjustments of Awards
.  In the event that the number of outstanding shares of the company’s Class A or Class B common stock is changed by a stock  dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split,  subdivision, combination, reclassification or similar change in the  capital structure of the company without consideration, then the number of shares reserved for issuance under the  plan, the exercise or purchase prices of and shares subject to  outstanding awards will be proportionately adjusted.
Change in Control
.  In the event of a change in control in which the successor or acquiring  company does not assume or substitute outstanding awards, then the vesting of such awards will accelerate, and options  will become exercisable in full prior to the consummation of such event.
Amendment and Termination
.  Our board of directors may amend or terminate the 2018 Plan at any  time, subject to stockholder approval as required by applicable law. In connection with the effectiveness of our 2020  Plan, no further awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan.
2020 Incentive Award Plan
We  have adopted, subject to stockholder approval, the 2020 Plan, which  will be effective on the date immediately prior to the date our registration statement of which this prospectus  forms a part becomes effective. The principal purpose of the 2020 Plan  is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and  directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards.  The material terms of the 2020 Plan are summarized below.
Share Reserve
. Under the 2020 Plan,              shares  of our Class A common stock will be initially reserved for issuance  pursuant to a variety of stock-based compensation awards, including stock options, SARs, restricted stock awards, RSUs, performance bonus  awards, performance stock unit awards, dividend equivalents or other  stock or cash based awards. The number of shares initially reserved for  issuance or transfer pursuant to awards under the 2020 Plan will be increased by (i) the number of  shares represented by awards outstanding under our 2008 Plan, Hotel  Tonight Plan, or 2018 Plan, or Prior Plan Awards, that become available  for issuance under the counting provisions described below following the effective date and (ii) an  annual increase on the first day of each year beginning in 2022 and  ending in 2030, equal to the lesser of (A) 5% of the shares of all  series of our common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding year and (B) such smaller  number of shares of stock as determined by our board of directors;  provided, however, that no more than             shares  of stock may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options.
The following counting provisions will be in effect for the share reserve under the 2020 Plan:
to the extent that an award (including a Prior Plan Award) expires, lapses or is terminated, converted into an award in respect of shares of another entity in connection with a
spin-off
or other similar event, exchanged for cash, surrendered, repurchased or  canceled, in any case, in a manner that results in the company acquiring the underlying shares at a price not greater than the  price paid by the participant or not issuing the underlying shares, such  unused shares subject to the award at such time will be available for  future grants under the 2020 Plan;
to  the extent shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant,  exercise price or tax withholding obligation with respect to any award under the 2020 Plan or a Prior Plan  Award, such tendered or withheld shares will be available for future  grants under the 2020 Plan;
to the extent shares subject to stock appreciation rights are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of SARs on exercise thereof, such shares will be available for future grants under the 2020 Plan;
the payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards or Prior Plan Awards will not be counted against the shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan; and
shares  issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards  of any entity acquired in any form of combination by us or any of our subsidiaries will not be  counted against the shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan.
In  addition, the sum of the grant date fair value of all equity-based  awards and the maximum that may become payable pursuant to all  cash-based awards to any individual for services as a non-employee director during any  calendar year may not exceed $1,000,000.
Administration
.  The leadership development, belonging and compensation committee of our  board of directors is expected to administer the 2020 Plan unless our  board of directors assumes authority for administration. The board of  directors may delegate its powers to a committee, which, to the extent required to comply with Rule
16b-3,
is intended to be comprised of
“non-employee
directors” for purposes of Rule
16b-3
under the Exchange Act. The 2020 Plan provides that the board of  directors or leadership development, belonging and compensation  committee may delegate its authority to grant awards other than to  individuals subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or officers or directors  to whom authority to grant awards has been delegated.
Subject  to the terms and conditions of the 2020 Plan, the administrator has the  authority to select the persons to whom awards are to be made, to  determine the number of shares to be subject to awards and the terms and  conditions of awards, and to make all other determinations and to take all other actions necessary or advisable for  the administration of the 2020 Plan. The administrator is also  authorized to adopt, amend or rescind rules relating to administration  of the 2020 Plan. Our board of directors may at any time remove the leadership development, belonging and  compensation committee as the administrator and revest in itself the  authority to administer the 2020 Plan.
Eligibility
.  Awards under the 2020 Plan may be granted to individuals who are then  our officers, employees or consultants or are the officers, employees or consultants of certain of our subsidiaries. Such awards  also may be granted to our directors. However, only employees of our  company or certain of our subsidiaries may be granted incentive stock  options, or ISOs.
Awards
.  The 2020 Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue stock  options, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs, performance bonus awards, performance stock units, other stock- or cash-based awards and dividend  equivalents, or any combination thereof. Each award will be set forth in  a separate agreement with the person receiving the award and will  indicate the type, terms and conditions of the award.
Nonstatutory Stock Options
,  or NSOs, will provide for the right to purchase shares of our common stock at a specified price which may not be less than fair market value  on the date of grant, and usually will become exercisable (at the  discretion of the administrator) in one or more installments after the  grant date, subject to the participant’s continued employment or service with us and/or subject to  the satisfaction of corporate performance targets and individual  performance targets established by the administrator. NSOs may be  granted for any term specified by the administrator that does not exceed ten years.
Incentive Stock Options
,  or ISOs, will be designed in a manner intended to comply with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code and will be subject to  specified restrictions contained in the Code. Among such restrictions,  ISOs must have an exercise price of not less than the fair market value  of a share of common stock on the date of grant, may only be granted to employees, and must not be exercisable
after  a period of ten years measured from the date of grant. In the case of  an ISO granted to an individual who owns (or is deemed to own) at least 10%  of the total combined voting power of all classes of our capital stock,  the 2020 Plan provides that the exercise price must be at least 110% of  the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant and the ISO must not be exercisable  after a period of five years measured from the date of grant.
Restricted Stock
may be granted to any eligible individual and made subject to such  restrictions as may be determined by the administrator. Restricted stock typically  may be forfeited for no consideration or repurchased by us at the  original purchase price if the conditions or restrictions on vesting are  not met. In general, restricted stock may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions are removed  or expire. Purchasers of restricted stock, unlike recipients of options,  will have voting rights and will have the right to receive dividends,  if any, prior to the time when the restrictions lapse; however, extraordinary dividends will generally be  placed in escrow, and will not be released until restrictions are  removed or expire.
Restricted Stock Units
may be awarded to any eligible individual, typically without payment of consideration, but subject to vesting conditions based on continued  employment or service or on performance criteria established by the  administrator. Like restricted stock, restricted stock units may not be  sold, or otherwise transferred or hypothecated, until vesting conditions are removed or expire. Unlike  restricted stock, stock underlying restricted stock units will not be  issued until the restricted stock units have vested, and recipients of  restricted stock units generally will have no voting or dividend rights prior to the time when vesting  conditions are satisfied.
Stock Appreciation Rights
,  or SARs, may be granted in connection with stock options or other awards, or separately. SARs granted in connection with stock options or  other awards typically will provide for payments to the holder based  upon increases in the price of our common stock over a set exercise  price. The exercise price of any SAR granted under the 2020 Plan must be at least 100% of the fair market  value of a share of our common stock on the date of grant. SARs under  the 2020 Plan will be settled in cash or shares of our common stock, or  in a combination of both, at the election of the administrator.
Performance Bonus Awards and Performance Stock Units
are denominated in cash or shares/unit equivalents, respectively, and may be linked to one or more performance or other criteria as determined by the administrator.
Other Stock- or Cash-Based Awards
are awards of cash, fully vested shares of our common stock and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or otherwise  based on, shares of our common stock. Other stock- or cash-based awards  may be granted to participants and may also be available as a payment  form in the settlement of other awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of base salary,  bonus, fees or other cash compensation otherwise payable to any  individual who is eligible to receive awards. The administrator will  determine the terms and conditions of other stock- or cash-based awards, which may include vesting conditions based  on continued service, performance and/or other conditions.
Dividend Equivalents
represent the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid  on shares of our common stock and may be granted alone or in tandem with  awards other than stock options or SARs. Dividend equivalents are  converted to cash or shares by such formula and such time as determined  by the administrator. In addition, dividend equivalents with respect to an award subject to vesting will  either (i) to the extent permitted by applicable law, not be paid  or credited or (ii) be accumulated and subject to vesting to the  same extent as the related award.
Any award may be granted as a performance award, meaning that the award will be subject to vesting and/or payment based on the attainment of specified performance goals.
The  2020 Plan also provides that unless otherwise provided by administrator or otherwise directed by the holder of an option or SAR,  each vested and exercisable option and SAR outstanding on the automatic  exercise date with an exercise price per share that is less than the  fair market value per share as of such date will automatically be exercised on such date.
Adjustments of Awards
.  The administrator has broad discretion to take action under the 2020 Plan, as well as make adjustments to the terms and conditions  of existing and future awards, to prevent the dilution or enlargement of  intended benefits and facilitate necessary or desirable changes in the  event of certain transactions and events affecting our common stock, such as stock dividends, stock  splits, mergers, acquisitions, consolidations, and other corporate  transactions. In addition, in the event of certain
non-reciprocal
transactions with our stockholders known as “equity restructurings,” the  administrator will make equitable adjustments to the 2020 Plan and  outstanding awards.
Change in Control
.  In the event of a change in control, unless the administrator elects to  terminate an award in exchange for cash, rights or other property, or cause an award to accelerate in full prior to the  change in control, such award will continue in effect or be assumed or  substituted by the acquirer, provided that any performance-based portion  of the award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable award agreement. In the event the  acquirer refuses to assume or replace awards granted, prior to the  consummation of such transaction, awards issued under the 2020 Plan  (other than any portion subject to performance-based vesting) will be subject to accelerated vesting such  that 100% of such awards will become vested and exercisable or payable,  as applicable. The administrator may also make appropriate adjustments  to awards under the 2020 Plan and is authorized to provide for the acceleration,
cash-out,
termination, assumption, substitution or conversion of such awards in  the event of a change in control or certain other unusual or  nonrecurring events or transactions.
Amendment and Termination
.  The administrator may terminate, amend or modify the 2020 Plan at any  time and from time to time. However, we must generally obtain stockholder approval to the  extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation (including any  applicable stock exchange rule), and generally no amendment may  materially and adversely affect any outstanding award without the affected participant’s consent. Notwithstanding the  foregoing, an option may be amended to reduce the per share exercise  price below the per share exercise price of such option on the grant  date and options may be granted in exchange for, or in connection with, the cancellation or surrender of  options having a higher per share exercise price without receiving  additional stockholder approval.
No  incentive stock options may be granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan after  the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the 2020 Plan, and no additional annual share increases to the 2020 Plan’s aggregate share  limit will occur from and after such anniversary. Any award that is  outstanding on the termination date of the 2020 Plan will remain in  force according to the terms of the 2020 Plan and the applicable award agreement.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
We  have adopted, subject to stockholder approval, the Employee Stock  Purchase Plan, which we refer to as our ESPP. The ESPP will be effective  on the date immediately prior to the date the registration statement of which  this prospectus forms a part becomes effective. The ESPP is designed to  allow our eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock, at  periodic intervals, with their accumulated payroll deductions. The ESPP consists of two components: a  Section 423 component, which is intended to
qualify under Section 423 of the Code and a
non-Section
423 component, which need not qualify under Section 423 of the Code. The material terms are summarized below.
Administration
.  Subject to the terms and conditions of the ESPP, our leadership  development, belonging and compensation committee will administer the ESPP. Our leadership  development, belonging and compensation committee can delegate  administrative tasks under the ESPP to the services of an agent and/or  employees to assist in the administration of the ESPP. The administrator will have the discretionary authority to  administer and interpret the ESPP. Interpretations and constructions of  the administrator of any provision of the ESPP or of any rights  thereunder will be conclusive and binding on all persons. We will bear all expenses and liabilities incurred by the ESPP  administrator.
Share Reserve
.  The maximum number of our shares of our Class A common stock which will be authorized for sale under the  ESPP is equal to the sum of (i) 4,000,000 shares of Class A common stock  and (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each year  beginning in 2022 and ending in 2030, equal to the lesser of (A) 1% of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an  as converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding year  and (B) such number of shares of common stock as determined by our  board of directors; provided, however, no more than                shares of our common stock may be issued under the ESPP. The shares  reserved for issuance under the ESPP may be authorized but unissued  shares or reacquired shares.
Eligibility
.  Employees eligible to participate in the ESPP for a given offering  period generally include employees who have been employed by us or one of our subsidiaries for a specified  period of time prior to the first day of the offering period, or the  enrollment date. Our employees (and, if applicable, any employees of our  subsidiaries) who customarily work less than five months in a calendar year or are customarily scheduled to  work less than 20 hours per week will not be eligible to participate in  the ESPP. Finally, an employee who owns (or is deemed to own through  attribution) 5% or more of the combined voting power or value of all our classes of stock or of one of  our subsidiaries will not be allowed to participate in the ESPP.
Participation
.  Employees will enroll under the ESPP by completing a payroll deduction  form permitting the deduction from their compensation of at least 1% of their compensation but not more than 15% of their  compensation. Such payroll deductions will be expressed as a whole  number percentage, and the accumulated deductions will be applied to the  purchase of shares on each purchase date. However, a participant may not purchase more than such whole number of  shares determined by dividing $12,500 by the fair market value of a  share of common stock on the grant date in each purchase period and,  under the Section 423 component, may not accrue the right to purchase shares of common stock at a rate that  exceeds $25,000 in fair market value of shares of our common stock  (determined at the time the option is granted) for each calendar year  the option is outstanding (as determined in accordance with Section 423 of the Code). The ESPP administrator  has the authority to change the per purchase period limitation for any  subsequent offering period.
Offering
. Under the ESPP, participants are offered the option to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount during a series of successive, overlapping offering periods of twelve months, each comprised of
six-month
purchase periods. The first offering period will commence on the date  the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part becomes effective and will end on November 15, 2021, with  the first purchase period thereunder ending on May 15, 2021 and the  second purchase period thereunder ending on November 15, 2021. Offering  periods thereafter will commence on each May 16 and November 16. The ESPP administrator may change the  duration and timing of offering periods in its discretion. However, in  no event may an offering period be longer than 27 months in length. In  addition, if
the fair market value of a share of common stock on any exercise date is  lower than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the  grant date of an offering period, then the offering period will automatically terminate, and each participant will  automatically be enrolled in the next offering period.
The  option purchase price will be the lower of 85% of the closing trading price per share of our  common stock on the first day of an offering period in which a  participant is enrolled or 85% of the closing trading price per share on  the purchase date, which will occur on the last day of each purchase period.
Unless  a participant has previously canceled his or her participation in the  ESPP before the purchase date, the participant will be deemed to have exercised his or her option in full  as of each purchase date. Upon exercise, the participant will purchase  the number of whole shares that his or her accumulated payroll  deductions will buy at the option purchase price, subject to the participation limitations listed above.
A  participant may cancel his or her payroll deduction authorization at  any time prior to the end of the offering period. Upon cancellation, the  participant will receive a refund of the participant’s account balance  in cash without interest. Following at least one payroll deduction, a  participant may also decrease (but not increase) his or her payroll deduction authorization once during any  purchase period. If a participant wants to increase or decrease the rate  of payroll withholding, he or she may do so effective for the next  offering period by submitting a new form before the offering period for which such change is to be effective.
A  participant may not assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution) payroll  deductions credited to a participant’s account or any rights to exercise  an option or to receive shares of our common stock under the ESPP, and  during a participant’s lifetime, options in the ESPP will be exercisable only by such  participant. Any such attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or other  disposition will not be given effect.
Adjustments upon Changes in Recapitalization, Dissolution, Liquidation, Merger or Asset Sale
.  In the event of any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of our common stock resulting from a stock  split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or  reclassification of the common stock, or any other increase or decrease  in the number of shares of common stock effected without receipt of consideration by us, we will proportionately adjust  the aggregate number of shares of our common stock offered under the  ESPP, the number and price of shares which any participant has elected  to purchase under the ESPP and the maximum number of shares which a participant may elect to purchase in  any single offering period. If there is a proposal to dissolve or  liquidate us, then the ESPP will terminate immediately prior to the  consummation of such proposed dissolution or liquidation, and any offering period then in progress will be shortened  by setting a new purchase date to take place before the date of our  dissolution or liquidation. We will notify each participant of such  change in writing at least 10 business days prior to the new exercise date. If we undergo a merger with or into  another corporation or sell all or substantially all of our assets,  each outstanding option will be assumed or an equivalent option  substituted by the successor corporation or the parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation. If the successor  corporation refuses to assume the outstanding options or substitute  equivalent options, then any offering period then in progress will be  shortened by setting a new purchase date to take place before the date of our proposed sale or merger. We  will notify each participant of such change in writing at least 10  business days prior to the new exercise date.
Amendment and Termination
.  Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the ESPP at any  time. However, the board of directors may not amend the ESPP without obtaining stockholder approval within twelve  months before or after such amendment to the extent required by  applicable laws.
Compensation Risk Assessment
In  connection with the registration statement of which this prospectus  forms a part, management conducted a risk assessment of our compensation  plans and practices and concluded that our compensation programs do not create  risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on  the company. The objective of the assessment was to identify any  compensation plans or practices that may encourage employees to take unnecessary risk that could threaten the  company. No such plans or practices were identified. The board of  directors has reviewed and agrees with management’s conclusion.
Director Compensation
Non-Employee
Director Compensation Policy
We maintain a
non-employee
director  compensation policy, which was last amended and restated in November  2018. Pursuant to the policy, our directors who are neither  (i) employees of the company nor (ii) employees or other service providers of any stockholder who has a contractual  right to nominate directors, referred to as our
non-employee
directors, are eligible to receive the following cash and equity compensation for their service on our board of directors:
Each
non-employee
director receives an annual cash retainer in the amount of $50,000 per year.
The lead independent director receives an additional cash retainer of $25,000 per year, and the chairman of the board of directors receives an additional cash retainer of $50,000 per year.
The chairperson of the audit, risk and compliance committee receives an additional annual cash retainer in the amount of $25,000 per year for such chairperson’s service on the audit, risk and compliance committee. Each
non-chairperson
member of the audit, risk and compliance committee receives an additional annual cash retainer in the amount of $15,000 per year for such member’s service on the audit, risk and compliance committee.
The  chairperson of the leadership development, belonging and compensation  committee receives an additional annual cash retainer in the amount of $25,000 per year for  such chairperson’s service on the leadership development, belonging and  compensation committee. Each
non-chairperson
member of the leadership development, belonging and compensation committee receives an  additional annual cash retainer in the amount of $12,500 per year for  such member’s service on the leadership development, belonging and  compensation committee.
The  chairperson of the nominating and corporate governance committee  receives an additional annual cash retainer in the amount of $20,000 per year for such chairperson’s  service on the nominating and corporate governance committee. Each
non-chairperson
member of the nominating and corporate governance committee receives an additional annual cash retainer in the amount of  $10,000 per year for such member’s service on the nominating and  corporate governance committee.
Under our
non-employee
director compensation policy, upon a
non-employee
director’s initial  appointment to the board of directors, he or she receives an initial RSU  award and an initial option award. The initial RSU award covers a  number of shares of the Class B common stock valued at $250,000 based on the company’s  then-current per share fair market value, multiplied by a fraction, the  numerator of which is the number of full calendar months between his or  her appointment and ending on the next May 25
,  and the denominator of which is 12. The initial RSU award is subject to  a service-based vesting condition and a liquidity-based vesting  condition. The service-based vesting condition is satisfied as to the 1/4
of the RSUs on the first February 25
, May 25
, August 25
or November 25
following appointment (each, a
“quarterly installment date”), and as to 1/4
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to continued service with us. The liquidity-based vesting condition is  satisfied as described above under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis  — Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program — Equity  Compensation.” The initial option award covers a number of shares of the Class B common stock  equal to $500,000 divided by the product of 0.5 and the company’s  then-current per share fair market value and vests as to 1/24
of the shares each month following the date of grant, subject to  continued service with us. In addition, at the first board of directors  meeting following May 25
of each year or as otherwise determined by the board of directors, each
non-employee
director receives an annual award of RSUs covering a number of shares of the Class B common stock valued at $250,000  based on the company’s then-current per share fair market value, which  annual award vests in the same manner as the initial RSU award. All  equity awards granted under our
non-employee
director compensation policy vest in full in the event of an  acquisition of the company. Further, all equity awards granted under our
non-employee
director compensation policy are subject to the approval of a majority of directors who are not
non-employee
directors.
Under our
non-employee
director compensation policy,
non-employee
directors may elect to receive his or her annual cash fees in the form  of RSUs, which award will be granted and vest in the same manner as the  annual RSU award.
We  do not provide any compensation to our directors who are also  employees. Mr. Chesky’s 2019 compensation for his service as our  Chief Executive Officer and President is set forth in the Summary Compensation  Table above. Messrs. Gebbia and Blecharczyk are executive officers who  are not named executive officers and do not receive any additional  compensation for their services as directors.
Director Compensation Table for 2019
The following table contains information concerning the compensation of our
non-employee
directors in 2019. Messrs. Jordan and Lin did not receive any compensation for their  service on our board of directors because each is an employee of a  stockholder who has a contractual right to nominate directors to our  board of directors.
Name
Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)
Stock Awards ($)
Option Awards
Total
Angela Ahrendts
33,561
249,889
418,155
701,605
Kenneth Chenault
65,000
249,889
314,889
Jeffrey Jordan
Alfred Lin
Ann Mather
90,000
249,889
339,889
Each of Ms. Ahrendts, Mr. Chenault and Ms. Mather elected to receive RSUs in lieu of cash compensation under our
non-employee
director compensation policy for 2019. Amounts reflect the cash fees  foregone at the election of the director to receive the following RSUs  awards, which were granted in May 2019: Ms. Ahrendts: 538 RSUs; Mr. Chenault: 1,026 RSUs; and  Ms. Mather: 1,420 RSUs.
Amounts  reflect the grant-date fair value of stock awards and option awards  granted during 2019 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or  realized by the named individual. During 2019, Ms. Ahrendts,  Mr. Chenault and Ms. Mather were granted RSUs that are subject  to both service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions. The grant-date fair value of RSUs granted in 2019  reported in the table above assumes achievement of the liquidity-based  vesting condition. Note that while the grant-date fair value assuming  achievement of the liquidity-based vesting condition is included in the table above, the achievement of the  liquidity-based vesting condition was not deemed probable on the date  of grant. See Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included  elsewhere in this prospectus for the assumptions used in calculating these values.
Ms. Ahrendts was appointed as a member of our board of directors effective May 1, 2019.
The table below shows the aggregate numbers of option awards (exercisable and unexercisable) and unvested stock awards held as of December 31, 2019 by each
non-employee
director.
Name
Options
Outstanding at
Year End
RSUs
Outstanding at
Year End
Angela Ahrendts
15,798
4,486
Kenneth Chenault
16,692
10,332
Jeffrey Jordan
Alfred Lin
Ann Mather
16,692
8,496
On July 7, 2020, we granted 10,216, 10,726, and 11,578 RSUs subject to both service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions to Ms. Ahrendts, Mr. Chenault, and Ms. Mather, respectively, pursuant to our
non-employee
director compensation policy, each of which includes both annual RSUs and RSUs granted in lieu of cash fees at the election of the
non-employee
director. The service-based vesting condition for the RSUs granted to the
non-employee
directors is satisfied as to 1/4
of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of May 25, 2020, subject to the
non-employee
director’s continued service with us. The liquidity-based vesting condition for the RSUs will be satisfied as described above.
New Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy
In  connection with this offering, we amended and restated our non-employee  director compensation policy, which will become effective as of the date the registration statement of  which this prospectus forms a part becomes effective. All directors who  are not employees of the company will be eligible to receive  compensation pursuant to the amended and restated policy.
The  cash compensation under the amended and restated policy remains the  same as under the existing policy, except that the chairperson of the audit, risk and compliance committee will receive an  additional annual cash retainer of $40,000, the chairperson of the  leadership development, belonging and compensation committee will  receive an additional annual cash retainer of $37,500 and the chairperson of the nominating and corporate  governance committee will receive an additional annual cash retainer of  $30,000. In addition, the chairperson of our newly formed stakeholder  committee will receive an additional annual cash retainer of $37,500, and each non-chairperson member of the  stakeholder committee will receive an additional annual cash retainer of  $12,500.
Under  the amended and restated policy, in the event a non-employee director  is appointed to the board of directors on a date other than May 25, he  or she will receive an initial award of RSUs covering a number of shares of  the Class A common stock valued at $300,000 based on the company’s  then-current per share fair market value, multiplied by a fraction, the  numerator of which is the number of days from and including his or her appointment until the next May  25th, and the denominator of which is 365. The initial RSU award will  vest in full on the May 25 following the date of grant, subject to  continued service on the board of directors. In addition, on each May 25, each non-employee director  will automatically be granted an annual award of RSUs covering a number  of shares of the Class A common stock valued at $300,000 based on the  company’s then-current per share fair market value, which annual award will vest in full on the  first anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued service on the  board of directors. No options will be granted under the amended and  restated policy. All RSUs granted under the amended and restated policy vest in full in the event of a  change in control of the company. In addition, non-employee directors  may elect to receive their annual cash fees in the form of RSUs, which  award will be granted and vest in the same manner as the initial RSU award, if such election is made in  connection with the director’s initial appointment to the board of  directors, or else the annual RSU award.
Settlement of Outstanding Director RSUs
In  connection with this offering, our board of directors determined to  permit non-employee directors to elect to have a portion of their RSUs  settled in cash in lieu of shares in order to help offset the tax liability  arising from the settlement of the RSUs. Any such election will apply to  any RSUs vesting in connection with the offering or within one year  thereafter.
Settlement of Equity Awards
As  described below under “Description of Capital Stock — Equity Award Amendment,” in  connection with this offering, our board of directors amended  outstanding equity awards granted under our 2008 Plan and 2018 Plan so  that such awards will settle in shares of Class A common stock instead of Class B common stock in  connection with and after this offering, excluding the stock options  held by individuals holding at least 1% of our outstanding capital  stock.
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
The  following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2017  and any currently proposed transactions to which we were or are  expected to be a participant in which (i) the amount involved exceeded or  will exceed $120,000, and (ii) any of our directors, executive  officers, or holders of more than 5% of our capital stock, or any  affiliate or member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material  interest, other than compensation and other arrangements that are  described under the sections titled “Compensation Discussion and  Analysis” and “Executive and Director Compensation” and the registration rights described in the  section titled “Description of Capital Stock — Registration  Rights.”
Stock Transfer Agreement
We  entered into a Stock Transfer Agreement with SLP Constellation Aggregator II,  L.P. (“SLP”) and Belinda Johnson, our former Chief Operating Officer and  one of our directors, dated as of May 21, 2020, pursuant to which  Ms. Johnson sold 933,648 shares of our Class B common stock to SLP for an  aggregate purchase price of $27,411,905 in order to pay the exercise  price for certain stock options held by Ms. Johnson and to cover certain  related tax obligations.
Investors’ Rights Agreement
We  are party to an Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, dated as  of April 17, 2020 (“Investors’ Rights Agreement”), with certain  holders of our capital stock and warrants. This agreement provides,  among other things, that certain holders of our capital stock and warrants have the right to  request that we file a registration statement, and/or request that  their shares be covered by a registration statement that we are  otherwise filing, subject to certain exceptions. See the section titled “Description of Capital Stock —  Registration Rights” for additional information regarding these  registration rights.
Nominating Agreement
We  and Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, and Gebbia, referred to in this prospectus as our  founders, will enter into a Nominating Agreement effective prior to the  completion of this offering (“Nominating Agreement”), under which we and  the founders are required, upon the terms set forth in the Nominating Agreement, to (i)  include our founders in the slate of nominees nominated by our board of  directors for the applicable class of directors for election by our  stockholders, and (ii) include such nomination of our founders in our proxy statement. In addition, we must  use reasonable efforts to, and the founders must take all necessary  action to, recommend in favor of each founder’s election as a director,  and to solicit proxies or consents in favor of their election. The obligations with respect to  each founder will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (1) such  founder’s resignation from our board of directors, (2) such founder’s  death or disability, (3) such founder’s removal from our board of directors for cause, (4) the  expiration of such founder’s term if such founder has given notice of  his intention not to stand for re-election, and (5) the date upon which  the number of shares of our common stock owned by such founder falls below ten percent of the number  of shares of common stock owned by such founder as of September 30,  2020. The Nominating Agreement will remain in effect until the earliest  of (a) the date on which our and the founders’ obligations have terminated with respect to all of the  founders, (b) the time at which all outstanding shares of Class B
common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock, and (c)  immediately prior to a change of control. The conversion of our Class B  common stock to Class A common stock is provided for in our restated certificate of incorporation, see section titled  “Description of Capital Stock—Class A, B, C and H Common  Stock—Conversion.”
Voting Agreements
Amended and Restated Voting Agreement
We  are party to an Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, dated as of  November 22, 2019 (“Voting Agreement”), under which certain holders of our capital stock have  agreed to vote their shares on certain matters, including with respect  to the election of directors. In connection with this offering, the  Voting Agreement will terminate and none of our stockholders will have any special rights regarding the  election or designation of members of our board of directors, the voting  of our capital stock, or the restrictions on transfer pursuant to the  agreement.
Amended and Restated Series B/C Founder Voting Agreement
We  are party to an Amended and Restated Series B/C Founder Voting  Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012 (the “B/C Founder Voting Agreement”) with our founders and certain holders of our Series B  redeemable convertible preferred stock and Series C redeemable  convertible preferred stock. Voting on certain matters is currently  governed by the B/C Founder Voting Agreement and the related provisions of our current restated certificate of  incorporation. Pursuant to the B/C Founder Voting Agreement, each  stockholder party thereto agreed that each of our founders, Brian  Chesky, Nathan Blecharczyk and Joseph Gebbia, has an undivided right to vote
one-third
of such stockholder’s shares in such founder’s sole discretion on all  matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders except for the following  actions, all as described more fully in the B/C Founder Voting Agreement:
the  alteration, change or waiver of the rights, preferences, privileges or  restrictions of the Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock so as to adversely affect such  Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock by amending or waiving  any of the provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation;
the  alteration, change or waiver of the rights, preferences, privileges or  restrictions of the Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock so as to adversely  affect such Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock by amending  or waiving any of the provisions of our restated certificate of  incorporation;
the voluntary election to convert any shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock to Class A common stock pursuant to the conversion provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation;
the voluntary election to convert any shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock to Class A common stock pursuant to the conversion provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation;
any  amendment, restatement, alteration, repeal or waiver of any provision  of that certain Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2011, by  and among us and the investors party thereto, that certain Series C  Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012,  by and among us and the investors party thereto, or that certain Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights  Agreement, Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and
Co-Sale
Agreement, or
Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, each dated as of December 5,  2012, by and among us and the investors party thereto; and
any amendment or waiver of the B/C Founder Voting Agreement.
In  connection with this offering, the B/C Founder Voting Agreement will  terminate and the provisions of our current restated certificate of incorporation by which our stockholders vote will be amended and  restated.
Amended and Restated Series D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement
We  are party to an Amended and Restated Series D/E/F Founder Voting  Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2016 (the “D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement”) with our founders and certain holders of our Series D  redeemable convertible preferred stock, Series E redeemable convertible  preferred stock, and Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock.  Voting on certain matters is currently governed by the D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement and the related  provisions of our current restated certificate of incorporation.  Pursuant to the D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement, each stockholder party  thereto agreed to vote such stockholder’s shares as directed by each of our founders with
one-third
of such stockholder’s shares being directed by each of the three  founders; provided that each of the following actions is approved by at least a majority of the members of our board of  directors, all as described more fully in the D/E/F Founder Voting  Agreement:
sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets;
mergers of, or acquisitions by, us or our subsidiaries that are submitted for stockholder approval, including a Deemed Liquidation Event;
adoption  of an equity incentive plan, restricted stock unit plan, stock option  plan, or similar incentive plan (“Incentive Plan”), or an amendment to our existing  Incentive Plan, including an increase in the total number of shares  reserved thereunder;
authorization  of an increase in the authorized number of shares of common stock or  any new or existing shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock or series of redeemable  convertible preferred stock (other than the Series D redeemable  convertible preferred stock, Series E redeemable convertible preferred  stock, and Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock), or the authorization, designation, or  issuance of such shares;
any  amendment, restatement, alteration, repeal, or waiver of (a) any  provision of that certain Series F Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 28,  2016, by and among us and the investors party thereto or the Investors’  Rights Agreement, Right of First Refusal and
Co-Sale
Agreement (as defined below), Voting Agreement, or Transfer Restrictions  Agreement, dated July 28, 2016, by and among us and the investors  party thereto, and the D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement (each, a  “Transaction Agreement”), solely to provide for the joinder of any new or additional investors or other  parties to such Transaction Agreement as parties thereto and/or to  subject shares of any new or existing class or series of our capital  stock to such agreement, and (b) any provision of the D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement, if such amendment,  restatement, alteration, repeal, or waiver does not (1) materially  change the primary nature of the amended and restated voting agreement  as a voting agreement among stockholders or (2) provide for a “drag-along” or similar agreement  requiring the stockholders to vote or sell their shares in connection  with a Deemed Liquidation Event or a similar transaction; and
any  amendment, restatement, alteration, repeal, or waiver of our restated  certificate of incorporation to change the number of shares of common stock deemed to be exempted  securities in connection with an adoption or amendment of an Incentive  Plan or an amendment to our existing Incentive Plan.
In  connection with this offering, the D/E/F Founder Voting Agreement will  terminate and the provisions of our current restated certificate of incorporation by which our stockholders vote will be amended and  restated.
Right of First Refusal and
Co-Sale
Agreement
We are party to an Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and
Co-Sale
Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2020 (“Right of First Refusal and
Co-Sale
Agreement”), with certain holders of our capital stock. This agreement provides for rights of first refusal and
co-sale
relating to the shares of our common stock held by certain parties to  the agreement. In connection with this offering, the Right of First  Refusal and
Co-Sale
Agreement will terminate.
Indemnification Agreements
We  have entered into indemnification agreements with certain of our  current directors and officers, and intend to enter into new  indemnification agreements with each of our current directors and officers. Our restated  certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws  provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest  extent permitted by applicable law. See the section titled “Management — Limitation on Liability and  Indemnification Matters.”
Contributions to Support Company Initiatives
Brian Chesky, our Chief Executive Officer, Head of Community,
Co-Founder,
and Director made a capital contribution to us of $10.1 million in order to  support certain of our charitable commitments and initiatives, including  our fund for Superhosts and our Frontline Stays initiative, in 2020.
Joseph  Gebbia, our Chairman of Samara and Airbnb.org, Co-Founder, and Director  made a capital contribution to us of $4.5 million in order to support certain of our charitable commitments and initiatives, including our  fund for Superhosts, in 2020.
Employment Arrangement with an Immediate Family Member of Our Director
Alison  Jordan, the daughter of Jeffrey Jordan, a member of our board of  directors, has served as a Strategic Partnerships Coordinator from July 2017 to May 2020 and a Policy Program  Manager since May 2020. Ms. Jordan’s compensation was based on  reference to external market practice of similar positions or internal  pay equity when compared to the compensation paid to employees in similar positions who were not related  to our director, Mr. Jordan. Ms. Jordan’s equity awards were granted on  the same general terms and conditions as applicable to employees in  similar positions who were not related to our director, Mr. Jordan. Mr. Jordan plays no personal  role in determining his daughter’s compensation or reviewing his  daughter’s performance. Mr. Jordan does not receive a direct or indirect  benefit from his daughter’s position with us.
Directed Share Program
At  our request, the underwriters have reserved up to                shares of Class A common stock, or     % of the shares offered by this  prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a  directed share
program to eligible U.S. hosts and certain individuals identified by our  officers and directors. For hosts, those who reside in the United  States and had by November 1, 2020 accepted a reservation that began, or was scheduled to begin, in 2019 or 2020 are  potentially eligible for the program. Airbnb employees are not eligible.  If demand for the program exceeds capacity, we may invite hosts to  participate based on tenure, as determined by the year they first hosted on Airbnb. Morgan Stanley &  Co. LLC will administer our directed share program and receive  concessions as described in the section titled “Underwriting—Directed  Share Program.”
Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions
Our  board of directors has adopted a written related party transaction  policy, to be effective upon the completion of this offering, setting  forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification  of related party transactions. This policy will cover, with certain  exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation
under the Securities Act, any transaction, arrangement, or relationship, or any  series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships in which  we were or are to be a participant, where the amount involved exceeds  $120,000 and a related party had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, including without  limitation purchases of goods or services by or from the related party  or entities in which the related party has a material interest,  indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness, and employment by us of a related party. In reviewing and approving any such  transactions, the chair of our audit, risk and compliance committee is  tasked to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including but  not limited to whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in an  arm’s length transaction with an unrelated third party and the extent  of the related party’s interest in the transaction. All such approved  transactions must be ratified by the audit, risk and compliance committee, taking into  account the foregoing considerations, during the meetings held at least  once during each fiscal quarter. All of the transactions described in  this section occurred prior to the adoption of this policy.
Principal and Selling Stockholders
The  following table sets forth certain information with respect to the  beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 30, 2020,  and as adjusted for the two-for-one stock split of our outstanding common stock  and redeemable convertible preferred stock effected on October 26,  2020, and to reflect our sale of our Class A common stock in this  offering, for:
each of our executive officers;
each of our directors;
all of our executive officers and directors as a group;
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities; and
each of the selling stockholders.
We  have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of  the SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or investment  power with respect to our securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our  knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting  and sole investment power with respect to all shares that they  beneficially owned as of September 30, 2020, subject to community property laws where applicable. We have  deemed shares of our common stock subject to stock options that are  currently exercisable or will be exercisable within 60 days of  September 30, 2020 to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the stock option for the  purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person. However,  we did not deem these shares subject to stock options outstanding for  the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or entity.
We  have based percentage ownership of our common stock before this  offering on 17,455,568 shares of our Class A common stock as of September 30, 2020, 490,889,234 shares  of our Class B common stock outstanding as of September 30,  2020, which includes 240,910,588 shares of Class B common stock  resulting from the conversion of all outstanding shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock, of  which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding as of September 30, 2020, in  connection with the closing of this offering, as if this conversion had  occurred as of September 30, 2020, no shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of September 30,  2020, and 9,200,000 shares of Class H common stock issued to our  wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary in November 2020. The  percentage ownership of our common stock after this offering also assumes the foregoing and the issuance and sale of                    shares by us in this offering, the sale of                   shares by the selling stockholders, and does not include the exercise  of the underwriters’ option to purchase                   additional shares. In addition, the following table does not reflect  any shares of Class A common stock that may be purchased in this  offering or pursuant to our directed share program described under “Underwriting —  Directed Share Program.”
In  connection with this offering, our board of directors amended all awards outstanding under our 2008  Plan and 2018 Plan to settle into Class A common stock, excluding the  stock options held by individuals holding at least 1% of our outstanding  capital stock (the “Equity Award Amendment”). Holders of Class A common stock received as a result of the  Equity Award Amendment have the right to exchange on one occasion such  shares of Class A common stock for an equal number of shares of Class B  common stock until such time as the Class A common stock is transferred. This amendment did not  affect the amounts
shown in the table below in “Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to this  Offering.” RSUs that meet the liquidity condition and vest upon the  completion of this offering, and Class A common stock subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of September  30, 2020, excluding the options held by Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, and  Gebbia, are shown in the table below as Class A common stock in “Shares  Beneficially Owned After this Offering.” See “Description of Capital Stock — Equity Award  Amendment.”
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Airbnb, Inc., 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, California 94103.
Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to
this Offering
% of
Voting
Power
Before
this
Offering
Number
Shares
Class A
Common
Stock
Being
Offered
Shares Beneficially Owned After
this Offering
% of
Voting
Power
After
this
Offering
Class A
Class B
Class H
Class A
Class B
Class H
Name of Beneficial Owner
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Executive Officers and Directors:
Brian Chesky
76,938,518
15.4
15.3
Nathan Blecharczyk
70,093,067
14.2
14.2
Joseph Gebbia
70,093,135
14.2
14.2
Dave Stephenson
46,666
Aristotle Balogh
152,496
Greg Greeley
277,776
Catherine Powell
37,916
Angela Ahrendts
11,848
Kenneth Chenault
1,526,160
Belinda Johnson
(10)
2,531,978
Jeffrey Jordan
Alfred Lin
(11)
Ann Mather
(12)
16,692
All current executive officers and directors as a group (13 persons)
(13)
221,726,252
43.8
43.6
5% Stockholders:
Entities Affiliated with Sequoia Capital
(14)
691,612
81,277,532
16.6
16.5
Entities Affiliated with Founders Fund
(15)
26,556,110
Entities Affiliated with Silver Lake
(16)
5,026,804
23.5
Entities Affiliated with Sixth Street
(17)
3,967,398
18.5
Entities Affiliated with DST Global
(18)
3,053,922
17.5
11,093,112
Jonathan Poulin and Affiliated Entities
(19)
2,279,756
13.1
Entities Affiliated with Greystar Real Estate Partners
(20)
936,052
Entities Affiliated with Accel
(21)
919,308
Airbnb Host Endowment LLC
(22)
9,200,000
100.0
9,200,000
100.0
Other Selling Stockholders:
Represents less than 1%.
Consists  of: (i) 65,720,676 shares of Class B common stock held of record  by Brian Chesky; (ii) 246,686 shares of Class B common stock held of record by Deborah  Chesky, as Trustee of the Brian Chesky 2019 Grantor Retained Annuity  Trust I created under Agreement dated as of February 15, 2019;  (iii) 473,718 shares of Class B common stock held of record by Brian Chesky, as Trustee of the  Brian Chesky 2019 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust II created under  Agreement dated as of February 15, 2019; (iv) 130,478 shares of  Class B common stock held of record by Deborah Chesky, as Trustee of the Brian Chesky 2019 Grantor Retained  Annuity Trust III created under Agreement dated as of July 31,  2019; (v) 130,478 shares of Class B common stock held of record by  Brian Chesky, as Trustee of the Brian Chesky 2019 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust IV created under Agreement  dated as of July 8, 2019; (vi) 514,314 shares of Class B  common stock held of record by Deborah Chesky, as Trustee of the Brian  Chesky 2020 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust A; (vii) 514,314 shares of Class B common stock held of  record by Brian Chesky, as Trustee of the Brian Chesky 2020 Grantor  Retained Annuity Trust B; (viii) 15,266 shares of Class B common  stock held of record by Deborah Chesky and Robert Joseph St. Aubin, as Trustees of Allison’s Trust created under  The Brian Chesky 2016 Long-Term Trust Agreement dated as of  July 26, 2016; and (ix) 9,192,588 shares of Class B common  stock subject to a stock option held by Mr. Chesky that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30,  2020. Does not reflect a possible personal contribution of shares to  support the Host Endowment Fund, which may be valued at over $100  million at the time of the contribution.
Consists  of: (i) 8,021,444 shares of Class B common stock held by Nathan  Blecharczyk, as Trustee of the Nathan Blecharczyk 2015 GRAT; (ii) 13,600,000 shares of Class B  common stock held by Nathan Blecharczyk, as Trustee of the Nathan  Blecharczyk 2020 GRAT; (iii) 45,338,040 shares of Class B common  stock held by the Blecharczyk Revocable Trust; (iv) 786,446 shares of Class B common stock held of record  by Gioacchino Curiale, as Trustee of the Blecharczyk 2015 Irrevocable  Trust; (v) 2,333,142 shares of Class B common stock subject to  stock options held by Mr. Blecharczyk that are exercisable within 60 days of  September 30, 2020; and (vi) 13,995 shares of Class B common stock  issuable upon the settlement of restricted stock units held by Mr.  Blecharczyk that will vest within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
Consists  of: (i) 61,745,998 shares of Class B common stock held of record  by The Sycamore Trust, for which Mr. Gebbia is a trustee; (ii) 1,000,000 shares of  Class B common stock held of record by Guernica LLC; (iii)  2,000,000 shares of Class B common stock held of record by Guernica  2, LLC; (iv) 3,000,000 shares of Class B common stock held of record by Guernica 3, LLC; (v) 2,333,142  shares of Class B common stock subject to stock options held by  Mr. Gebbia that are exercisable within 60 days of September 30,  2020; and (vi) 13,995 shares of Class B common stock issuable upon the settlement of restricted stock units held  by Mr. Gebbia that will vest within 60 days of September 30, 2020.  The Sycamore Trust acquired beneficial ownership over the shares it  currently holds subsequent to September 30, 2020, from another trust for which Mr. Gebbia is a  trustee. Mr. Gebbia is the owner of each of Guernica LLC, Guernica  2, LLC and Guernica 3, LLC.
Consists of 46,666 shares of Class B common stock subject to a stock option held by Mr. Stephenson that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
Consists of 152,496 shares of Class B common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Balogh that are exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
Consists of 277,776 shares of Class B common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Greeley that are exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
Consists of 37,916 shares of Class B common stock subject to a stock option held by Ms. Powell that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
Consists of 11,848 shares of Class B common stock subject to a stock option held by Ms. Ahrendts that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
Consists  of: (i) 1,470,456 shares of Class B common stock held of record by  General Catalyst Group IV, L.P.; (ii) 39,012 shares of Class B common stock held by GC  Entrepreneurs Fund IV, L.P.; and (iii) 16,692 shares of Class B  common stock subject to a stock option held by Mr. Chenault that is  exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020. Mr. Chenault is a Managing Director within  the General Catalyst group and may be deemed to have shared voting,  investment and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by  these entities. The principal business address of Mr. Chenault and these entities is 20 University Road,  Suite 450, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138.
(10)
Consists  of: (i) 1,510,872 shares of Class B common stock held of record by  Belinda J. Johnson and William Brent Johnson, Trustees of the Johnson Family Trust U/A/D  06/21/2005; (ii) 56,984 shares of Class B common stock held by  Belinda J. Johnson as Trustee of The Belinda J. Johnson 2015 Grantor  Retained Annuity Trust; (iii) 56,984 shares of Class B common stock held of record by W. Brent Johnson  as Trustee of The W. Brent Johnson 2015 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust;  and (iv) 907,138 shares of Class B common stock subject to  stock options held by Ms. Johnson that are exercisable within 60 days of  September 30, 2020.
(11)
Mr. Lin does not have beneficial ownership of the shares held by the entities affiliated with Sequoia Capital identified in footnote 14.
(12)
Consists of 16,692 shares of Class B common stock subject to a stock option held by Ms. Mather that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
(13)
Consists  of: (i) 206,372,166 shares of Class B common stock; (ii) 15,326,096  shares of Class B common stock subject to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of  September 30, 2020; and (iii) 27,990 shares of Class B common stock  issuable upon the settlement of restricted stock units that will vest  within 60 days of September 30, 2020.
(14)
Consists  of: (i) 60,716,820 shares of Class B common stock held of record  by Sequoia Capital XII, L.P. (“SC XII”); (ii) 6,489,252 shares of Class B common stock held  of record by Sequoia Capital XII Principals Fund, LLC (“SC XII PF”);  (iii) 2,271,924 shares of Class B common stock held of record by  Sequoia Technology Partners XII, L.P. (“STP XII”); (iv) 6,098,400 shares of  Class B common stock held of record by SC US GF V Holdings, Ltd.  (“US GF V Holdco”); (v) 102,816 shares of Class A common stock and  192,006 shares of Class B common stock held of record by Sequoia Capital U.S. Growth  Fund VII, L.P. (“US GF VII”); (vi) 6,690 shares of Class A common  stock and 12,496 shares of Class B common stock held of record by  Sequoia Capital U.S. Growth VII Principals Fund, L.P. (“US GF VII PF”); (vii) 4,285,190  shares of Class B common stock held of record by Sequoia Capital  Global Growth Fund, LP (“GGF”); (viii) 124,348 shares of Class B  common stock held of record by Sequoia Capital Global Growth Principals Fund, LP (“GGF PF”);  (ix) 575,004 shares of Class A common stock and 1,073,834 shares of  Class B common stock held of record by Sequoia Capital Global  Growth Fund II, L.P. (“GGF II”); and (x) 7,102 shares of Class A common stock and 13,262  shares of Class B common stock held of record by Sequoia Capital  Global Growth II Principals Fund, L.P. (“GGF II PF”). SC XII Management,  LLC (“SC XII LLC”) is the general partner of each of SC XII and STP XII, and the  managing member of SC XII PF. As a result, SC XII LLC may be deemed to  share voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by SC  XII, SC XII PF, and STP XII. SC US (TTGP), Ltd. is: (i) the general partner of SCGF V  Management, L.P., which is the general partner of Sequoia Capital U.S.  Growth Fund V, L.P. and Sequoia Capital USGF Principals Fund V, L.P.  (collectively, the “US GF V Funds”), which together own 100% of the outstanding ordinary shares of US GF V  Holdco; (ii) the general partner of SC U.S. Growth VII Management,  L.P., which is the general partner of each of US GF VII and US GF VII PF  (collectively, the “SC US GF VII Funds”); (iii) the general partner of SCGGF Management, L.P., which  is the general partner of each of GGF and GGF PF (collectively, the “SC  GGF Funds”); and (iv) the general partner of SC Global Growth II  Management, L.P., which is the general partner of each of GGF II and GGF II PF  (collectively, the “SC GGF II Funds”). As a result, SC US (TTGP), Ltd.  may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power with respect to the  shares held by US GF V Holdco, the SC US GF VII Funds, the SC GGF Funds and the SC GGF II Funds. In  addition, the directors and stockholders of SC US (TTGP), Ltd. who  exercise voting and investment discretion with respect to the SC GGF  Funds are Douglas M. Leone and James J. Goetz, and the directors and stockholders of SC US (TTGP), Ltd. who exercise  voting and investment discretion with respect to the SC GGF II Funds are  Douglas M. Leone and Roelof F. Botha. As a result, and by virtue of the  relationships described in this paragraph, each such person may be deemed to share voting and  dispositive power with respect to the shares held by the SC GGF Funds or  SC GGF II Funds, as applicable. The address for each of these entities  and individuals is 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 101, Menlo Park, California 94025.
(15)
Consists  of: (i) 207,016 shares of Class B common stock held of record by  The Founders Fund II Entrepreneurs Fund, LP (“FF-IIE”); (ii) 338,616 shares of Class B  common stock held of record by The Founders Fund II Principals Fund, LP  (“FF-IIP”); (iii) 6,847,812 shares of Class B common stock  held of record by The Founders Fund II, LP (“FF-II”); (iv) 44,144 shares of Class B  common stock held of record by The Founders Fund III Entrepreneurs Fund,  LP (“FF-IIIE”); (v) 858,436 shares of Class B common stock held of  record by The Founders Fund III Principals Fund, LP (“FF-IIIP”); (vi) 2,416,974 shares  of Class B common stock held of record by The Founders Fund III,  LP (“FF-III”); (vii) 3,849,874 shares of Class B common stock held  of record by The Founders Fund IV Principals Fund, LP (“FF-IVP”); and (viii)  11,993,238 shares of Class B common stock held of record by The  Founders Fund IV, LP (“FF-IV”). Peter Thiel and Luke Nosek have shared  voting and investment power over the shares held by each of FF-IIE, FF-IIP, FF-II, FF-IIIE,  FF-IIIP, and FF-III. Peter Thiel and Brian Singerman have shared  voting and investment power over the shares held by each of FF-IVP and  FF-IV. The address of each of these entities and individuals is One Letterman Drive, Building D, 5th Floor,  San Francisco, California 94129.
(16)
Consists  of: (i) 1,059,408 shares of Class A common stock held of record by SLP  Constellation Aggregator II, L.P.; and (ii) 3,967,396 shares of Class A common stock subject to a  warrant that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020 by SLP  Constellation Aggregator II, L.P. The general partner of SLP  Constellation Aggregator II, L.P. is SLP V Aggregator GP, L.L.C., and the managing member of SLP V Aggregator GP,  L.L.C. is Silver Lake Technology Associates V, L.P. The general partner  of Silver Lake Technology Associates V, L.P. is SLTA V (GP), L.L.C. and  the managing member of SLTA V (GP), L.L.C. is Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. The managing members of Silver  Lake Group, L.L.C. are Michael Bingle, Egon Durban, Kenneth Hao,  Gregory Mondre and Joseph Osnoss. The business address for each of these  entities is 2775 Sand Hill Road, Suite 100, Menlo Park, California 94025.
(17)
Consists  of: (i) 2,314,182 shares of Class A common stock subject to a warrant  that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2020 by TAO Finance 1, LLC; (ii) 991,850 shares  of Class A common stock subject to a warrant that is exercisable within  60 days of September 30, 2020 by Redwood IV Finance 1, LLC; (iii)  370,840 shares of Class A common stock subject to a warrant that is exercisable within 60 days of September 30,  2020 by TCS Finance (A), LLC; and (iv) 290,526 shares of Class A common  stock subject to a warrant that is exercisable within 60 days of  September 30, 2020 by TCS Finance 1, LLC. TSSP Adjacent Opportunities GenPar, L.P. is the manager of TAO  Finance 1, LLC. TSSP Opportunities GenPar IV, L.P. is the manager of  Redwood IV Finance 1, LLC. TSSP Capital Solutions GenPar, L.P. is the  manager of TCS Finance (A), LLC and TCS Finance 1, LLC. Each of TSSP Adjacent Opportunities GenPar, L.P., TSSP  Opportunities GenPar IV, L.P. and TSSP Capital Solutions GenPar, L.P. is  ultimately indirectly controlled by Alan Waxman. The address for each  of these entities is 2100 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1500, Dallas, Texas 72501. The principal business address  for Mr. Waxman is c/o Sixth Street Partners, LLC, 345 California Street,  Suite 3300, San Francisco, California 94104.
(18)
Consists  of: (i) 2,143,138 shares of Class A common stock held of record by DST  Global IV, L.P. (“DSTG IV”); (ii) 11,093,112 shares of Class B common stock held of  record by DST Global II, L.P. (“DSTG II”); and (iii) 910,784 shares of  Class A common stock held of record by AB Holdings, L.P. (“AB,” and  together with DSTG IV and DSTG II, “DST Global”). DST Global is controlled by its  general partner, DST Managers Limited, which holds ultimate voting and  investment power over the shares held by DST Global. The address for DST  Global is c/o Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, One Capital Place, PO Box 847, Grand  Cayman, KY1-1103, Cayman Islands.
(19)
Consists  of: (i) 75,168 shares of Class A common stock held of record by  Jonathan Poulin; (ii) 498,710 shares of Class A common stock held of record by The Poulin Family  Trust, for which Mr. Poulin is a trustee; and (iii) 1,705,878 shares of  Class A common stock held of record by The Poulin Family International  Trust (Cayman), for which Mr. Poulin is a trustee. The address for Mr. Poulin is c/o Dentons Delany,  Burnham Court, Bishop’s Court Hill, Upper Collymore Rock, St. Michael  BB11115, Barbados. The
address  of The Poulin Family Trust is c/o Puglisi & Associates, 850 Library  Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, Delaware 19711. The address for The Poulin Family International  Trust (Cayman) is c/o Genesis Trust & Services Ltd., Second Floor,  Elgin Court, Elgin Avenue, PO Box 448, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1  1106, Cayman Islands.
(20)
Consists  of: (i) 647,598 shares of Class A common stock held of record by  Greystar Real Estate Partners, LLC (“GREP”); and (ii) 288,454 shares of Class A common stock  held of record by GIG-Urbandoor Common Series 2015, a separate series of  Greystar Investment Group, LLC. GREP is a Delaware limited liability  company and is managed by Robert A. Faith, its founder and Chief Executive Officer. Entities  controlled by Mr. Faith hold the majority of the common ownership of  GREP. GIG-Urbandoor Common Series 2015, a separate series of Greystar  Investment Group, LLC, is owned by GREP and an individual employee and officer of an affiliate of GREP. The  series is managed by Greystar Investment Group, LLC, a Delaware limited  liability company wholly owned by GREP. The address for each of these  entities and individuals is 465 Meeting Street, Suite 500, Charleston, South Carolina 29403.
(21)
Consists  of: (i) 7,286 shares of Class A common stock held of record by Accel  Growth Fund 2011 Investors L.L.C.; (ii) 105,246 shares of Class A common stock held of record by  Accel Growth Fund L.P. (“AGF”); (iii) 2,050 shares of Class A common  stock held of record by Accel Growth Fund Strategic Partners L.P.  (“AGFSP”); (iv) 66,302 shares of Class A common stock held of record by Accel Investors 2012  L.L.C.; (v) 687,006 shares of Class A common stock held of record by  Accel XI L.P. (“A11”); and (vi) 51,418 shares of Class A common stock  held of record by Accel XI Strategic Partners L.P. (“A11SP”). Accel XI Associates L.L.C. is the  general partner of each of A11 and A11SP. The managing members of Accel  XI Associates L.L.C. are Andrew G. Braccia, Sameer K. Gandhi, Ping Li,  Tracy L. Sedlock, and Richard P. Wong. Accel XI Associates L.L.C. has sole voting and  dispositive power with regard to the shares held by each of A11 and  A11SP, and its managing members share such powers. The managing members  of Accel Investors 2012 L.L.C. are Andrew G. Braccia, Sameer K. Gandhi, Ping Li, Tracy L. Sedlock, and Richard P.  Wong, all of whom share voting and dispositive power with regard to the  shares held by Accel Investors 2012 L.L.C. Accel Growth Fund Associates  L.L.C. is the general partner of each of AGF and AGFSP. The managing members of Accel Growth Fund  Associates L.L.C. are Andrew G. Braccia, Kevin J. Efrusy, Sameer K.  Gandhi, Ping Li, Tracy L. Sedlock, and Richard P. Wong. Accel Growth  Fund Associates L.L.C. has sole voting and dispositive power with regard to the shares held by each of AGF and  AGFSP, and its managing members share such powers. The managing members  of Accel Growth Fund 2011 Investors L.L.C. are Andrew G. Braccia, Kevin  J. Efrusy, Sameer K. Gandhi, Ping Li, Tracy L. Sedlock, and Richard P. Wong, all of whom share voting and  dispositive power with regard to the shares held by Accel Growth Fund  2011 Investors L.L.C. The address for each of these entities and  individuals is 500 University Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94301.
(22)
Consists  of 9,200,000 shares of Class H common stock issued by us to our  wholly-owned subsidiary on November 10, 2020. Each share of Class H common stock is entitled to no  votes and will convert into a share of Class A common stock on a  share-for-share basis upon the sale of such share of Class H common  stock to any person or entity that is not our subsidiary. For more information regarding our Class H common stock,  see the section titled “Description of Capital Stock.”
Description of Capital Stock
The  following summary describes our capital stock and the material  provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended  and restated bylaws, each of which will become effective immediately prior  to the completion of this offering, the amended and restated investors’  rights agreement and the nominating agreement to which we and certain of  our stockholders are parties, the voting agreement to which our founders are parties, and the  Delaware General Corporation Law. Because the following is only a  summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be  important to you. For a complete description, you should refer to our restated certificate of incorporation, amended  and restated bylaws, amended and restated investors’ rights agreement,  nominating agreement, and voting agreement, copies of which have been  filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is part.
General
Upon  the filing of our restated certificate of incorporation and the  completion of this offering, the total number of shares of all classes  of stock we are authorized to issue will be 4,746,000,000 comprised of:
4,736,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which
2,000,000,000 shares will be a series designated as Class A common stock;
710,000,000 shares will be a series designated as Class B common stock;
2,000,000,000 shares will be a series designated as Class C common stock; and
26,000,000 shares will be a series designated as Class H common stock; and
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share.
Assuming  the conversion of all shares of our redeemable convertible preferred  stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020, of which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding as of September 30, 2020, into an aggregate of  240,910,588 shares of our Class B common stock, including 1,286,694  shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the anti-dilution  adjustment provisions relating to our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, which will occur immediately  prior to the completion of this offering, and the net issuance of                     shares  of our Class A common stock upon the vesting and settlement of  RSUs, for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of September 30, 2020 and for which we expect the  liquidity-based vesting condition to be satisfied in connection with  this offering, after withholding an aggregate of                     shares  to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the  assumed initial public offering price of $                per  share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover  page of this prospectus, and an assumed                %  tax withholding rate), there  were                shares  of Class A common stock,                  shares  of Class B common stock, and 9,200,000 shares of Class H common  stock outstanding, held of record by                   stockholders, and no shares of our Class C common stock or redeemable  convertible preferred stock outstanding. The outstanding shares of Class  H common stock are held by our wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary. We  have no current plans to issue any Class C common stock. Our board of  directors is authorized, without stockholder approval except as required  by the Listing Rules of Nasdaq, to issue additional shares of our capital stock.
Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H Common Stock
We  have four series of authorized common stock: Class A,  Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock. All outstanding shares  of our redeemable convertible preferred stock will be converted into shares of  our
Class B common stock immediately prior to the completion of this  offering. In addition, any options to purchase shares of our capital  stock, RSUs, and warrants outstanding prior to the completion of this offering are eligible to be exercisable for or will  be settled in shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common  stock.
Voting Rights
Each  holder of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share, each holder  of our Class B common stock is entitled to 20 votes per share,  each holder of our Class C common stock is entitled to no votes per  share, and each holder of our Class H common stock is entitled to no votes per share, on all matters submitted  to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our voting stock,  consisting of Class A and Class B common stock, will generally  vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise  required by Delaware law or our restated certificate of incorporation.  Delaware law could require holders of our Class A common stock,  Class B common stock, Class C common stock, or Class H common stock to vote separately as a single class in  the following circumstances:
if  we were to seek to amend our restated certificate of incorporation to  increase or decrease the par value of a class of our capital stock, then that class would be required  to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and
if  we were to seek to amend our restated certificate of incorporation in a  manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights of a class of our capital  stock in an adverse manner, the holders of the class would be required  to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; provided that if  the amendment adversely affects one or more series of the class but does not adversely affect all of the series  of the class, then only the holders of the series that are adversely  affected, voting together as a class, would be required to separately to  approve the amendment.
Our restated certificate of incorporation will not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. See the subsection titled “ — Amendment of Charter Provisions” below.
Dividend Rights
The  holders of our Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common  stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. See the  section titled “Dividend Policy” for additional information.
Conversion
Class B Common Stock
Each  outstanding share of Class B common stock is convertible at any  time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class B common stock will  convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon the  earlier of (a) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,  specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 80% of the outstanding shares of Class B  common stock at the time of such vote or consent, voting as a separate  series, and (b) the 20-year anniversary of the closing of this  offering. In addition, each share of Class B common stock  held by Brian Chesky, Joe Gebbia, or Nathan Blecharczyk, whom we  refer to as our founders in this prospectus (or any of such founder’s  affiliates) will automatically convert into one share of Class A  common stock on the nine-month anniversary of the death or  disability of such founder. Furthermore, any transfer of shares of  Class B common stock that occurs after the completion of this offering, except for certain  permitted transfers summarized in the next paragraph or as further  described in our restated certificate of incorporation, will result in  the conversion of each such share of Class B common stock into one share of Class A common stock; provided,  however, that, with the prior consent of each of the three founders, any  transfer by a
founder (or such founder’s affiliates) to one or more of the other  founders (or such founders’ affiliates) will not result in the automatic  conversion of such founder’s shares of Class B common stock; provided further that following the death or  disability of any founder, such founder’s consent will not be required  for these purposes. Once converted into Class A common stock, the  Class B common stock will not be reissued.
As  noted above, following the completion of this offering, shares of Class  B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon sale or transfer except for certain  transfers to Affiliates, as defined and further described in our  restated certificate of incorporation, including estate planning or  charitable transfers where exclusive voting control with respect to the shares of Class B common stock are retained  by the transferring holder, and certain permitted transfers by  investment funds and mutual funds to their Affiliates. Certain limited  transfers to non-Affiliates also will not trigger the automatic conversion into shares of Class A common stock, as  further described in our restated certificate of incorporation.
Except for  the issuance of shares of Class B common stock issuable in respect  of any option, warrant, restricted stock unit, conversion right, or  contractual right to acquire, or our obligation to issue shares  outstanding immediately prior to the completion of this offering, a dividend payable, or a reclassification,  subdivision, or combination, we cannot at any time after the completion  of this offering issue any additional shares of Class B common  stock.
Class C Common Stock
Shares  of Class C common stock will not be convertible into any other shares of our  capital stock. We have no current plans to issue any Class C common  stock.
Class H Common Stock
Each  outstanding share of Class H common stock will convert into a share of Class A  common stock on a share-for-share basis upon the transfer, assignment,  sale, or other disposition of such share of Class H common stock to any  person or entity that is not our subsidiary.
Liquidation
In the  event of our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of our  Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock will be  entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for  distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities.
Treatment in a Merger
The  consideration received per share by the holders of each series of  common stock in any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or other  business combination will be identical; provided, however, that if such  consideration consists, in whole or in part, of shares of capital stock  or other equity interests of our company or in any other corporation,  partnership, limited liability company, or other entity, the powers, designations, preferences and relative,  optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations and  restrictions (the “Rights and Preferences”) of shares of capital stock  or other equity interests received may differ to the extent that the Rights and Preferences of our  Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock  differ as provided in our restated certificate of incorporation. In  addition, if the holders of any series of common stock are granted the right to elect to receive one of  two or more alternative forms of consideration, the foregoing will be  satisfied if holders of the other series of common stock are granted  corresponding election rights.
Rights and Preferences
Holders  of our Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock  have no preemptive, conversion (except as noted above), or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions  applicable to our Class A, Class B, Class C, or Class H common  stock, except that we may at any time or from time to time redeem any  outstanding shares of Class H common stock at a redemption price equal to the par value of the share of Class H  common stock being redeemed.
Fully Paid and
Non-Assessable
All of the outstanding shares of our Class A, Class B, and Class H common stock are fully paid and
non-assessable.
Preferred Stock
Immediately  prior to the completion of this offering, all of our currently  outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock will  convert into Class B common stock, and we will not have any shares of redeemable  convertible preferred stock outstanding, whereupon our restated  certificate of incorporation will be amended and restated to delete all  references to such shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock. From and after the completion of this  offering, our board of directors will have the authority, without  further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of  preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions thereof. These  rights, preferences, and privileges could include dividend rights,  conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation  preferences, sinking fund terms, and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any  or all of which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. The  issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power  of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments  upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock  could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in  control of our company or other corporate action. Immediately after the completion of this offering, no  shares of preferred stock will be outstanding, and we have no present  plan to issue any shares of preferred stock.
Nominating Agreement
We  and our founders will enter into a Nominating Agreement, which will become effective  prior to the completion of this offering (“Nominating Agreement”), under  which we and the founders are required, upon the terms set forth in the  Nominating Agreement, to (i) include our founders in the slate of nominees nominated by our board  of directors for the applicable class of directors for election by our  stockholders, and (ii) include such nomination of our founders in our  proxy statement. In addition, we must use reasonable efforts to, and the founders must take all necessary  action to, recommend in favor of each founder’s election as a director,  and to solicit proxies or consents in favor of their election. The  obligations with respect to each founder will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (1) such founder’s  resignation from our board of directors, (2) such founder’s death or  disability, (3) such founder’s removal from our board of directors for  cause, (4) the expiration of such founder’s term if such founder has given notice of  his intention not to stand for re-election, and (5) the date upon which  the number of shares of our common stock owned by such founder falls  below ten percent of the number of shares of common stock owned by such founder as of September 30,  2020. The Nominating Agreement will remain in effect until the earliest  of (a) the date on which our and the founders’ obligations have  terminated with respect to all of the founders, (b) the time at which all outstanding shares of Class B common  stock automatically convert to Class A common stock, and (c)  immediately prior to a change of control. The conversion of our Class B  common stock to Class A common stock is provided for in our restated certificate of incorporation. See the  subsection titled “ — Class A, B, C, and H Common Stock — Conversion”  above.
Founder Voting Agreement
Our  founders will enter into a Voting Agreement, which will become  effective prior to the completion of this offering (“Founder Voting Agreement”), under which each founder has agreed, upon the terms set  forth in the Voting Agreement, to vote all his shares for the election  of each founder to our board of directors, and to vote against their  removal. Pursuant to the Founder Voting Agreement, each founder granted a voting proxy to the other  founders, to be effective upon such founder’s death or disability, and  if there are two remaining founders who are not disabled, such voting  proxy will be apportioned between such founders based on their relative voting power. The Founder Voting  Agreement will be in effect until: (i) with respect to each founder,  upon the conversion of such founder’s shares to Class A common stock in  connection with his death or disability (which will occur automatically upon the nine-month  anniversary of any such death or disability), and (ii) with respect to  all founders, the time at which all outstanding shares of Class B common  stock automatically convert to Class A common stock. The conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A  common stock is provided for in our restated certificate of  incorporation. See the subsection titled “ — Class A, B, C, and H Common  Stock — Conversion” above.
Equity Award Amendment
Equity awards  granted under the Company’s 2008 Plan and 2018 Plan generally settle in  shares of Class B common stock. Class B common stock  automatically converts to Class A common stock upon transfer unless  transferred to a permitted transferee. In connection with this offering, our board of directors  amended all awards outstanding under our 2008 Plan and 2018 Plan to  settle into Class A common stock, excluding the stock options held  by individuals holding at least 1% of our outstanding capital stock (the “Equity Award Amendment”). Holders of  Class A common stock received as a result of the Equity Award  Amendment have the right to exchange on one occasion such shares of  Class A common stock for an equal number of shares of Class B common stock until such time as the  Class A common stock is transferred.
As  of September 30, 2020, outstanding options to purchase 30,868,806 shares of Class B common  stock and outstanding RSUs representing 90,137,252 shares of Class B  common stock are impacted by the Equity Award Amendment. These awards  are referenced in this prospectus as options to purchase Class A common stock and RSUs representing  Class A common stock, respectively, unless indicated otherwise.
We  expect to issue                    shares of our Class A common stock instead of Class B common stock due  to the Equity Award Amendment, upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs  for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of September  30, 2020 and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition  to be satisfied in connection with this offering, after withholding an  aggregate of shares to satisfy associated estimated income tax obligations (based on the assumed  initial public offering price of  $              per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the  cover page of this prospectus, and an assumed              %  tax withholding rate) (the “RSU Settlement”).
Assuming  that after the offering no holder requests that their Class A common  stock received as a result of the RSU Settlement be exchanged for Class B common stock, the holders of our outstanding Class B common stock will  hold              %  of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this  offering, with our directors, executive officers, and 5% stockholders and their respective affiliates  holding approximately              %  of the voting power. Assuming the converse, that is, that after the  offering, holders request that all of their Class A common stock received as a  result of the RSU Settlement be exchanged for Class B common stock, the  holders of our outstanding Class B common stock will hold             %  of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this  offering, with our directors, executive officers,
and 5% stockholders and their respective affiliates holding  approximately              %  of the voting power. These percentages are based on (a) the conversion of all outstanding shares of our redeemable  convertible preferred stock, of which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding  as of September 30, 2020, into an aggregate of 240,910,588 shares of  our Class B common stock, including 1,286,694 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the anti-dilution  adjustment provisions relating to our Series C redeemable convertible  preferred stock; (b) the RSU Settlement; (c) no exercise of other  outstanding equity awards or convertible securities; and (d) no exercise by the underwriters of their option to  purchase up to additional shares of our Class A common stock.
Stock Options
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding options to purchase an  aggregate of 24,460,092 shares of our Class A common stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of $5.96 per share,  pursuant to our 2008 Plan.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 13,788,876 shares of our Class B common  stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of $3.18 per share,  pursuant to our 2008 Plan.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding options to purchase an  aggregate of 6,408,714 shares of our Class A common stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of $49.77 per share, pursuant to our  2018 Plan.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 181,782 shares of our Class A common  stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of $22.65 per share,  pursuant to our Hotel Tonight Plan.
Restricted Stock Units
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding RSUs representing 38,221,076  shares of our Class A common stock, issued pursuant to our 2008  Plan.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding RSUs representing  51,916,176 shares of our Class A common stock, issued pursuant to  our 2018 Plan.
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding RSUs representing 42,580  shares of our Class A common stock, issued pursuant to our Hotel Tonight Plan.
Warrants
As  of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding warrants to purchase  7,934,794 shares of our Class A common stock, with an exercise  price of $28.355 per share.
Consideration of Other Constituencies
In  acknowledgment of our goal of serving all stakeholders over the  long-term, our restated certificate of incorporation, which will become  effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, provides that our  company will be managed with the goal of considering the interests of  our stakeholders for the long-term benefit of our company. It also  provides that, in addition to any other considerations which our board of directors, any committee thereof, or  any individual director lawfully may take into account in determining  whether to take or refrain from taking corporate action on any matter,  including making or declining to make any recommendation to our stockholders, our board of directors, any  committee thereof,
or any individual director may, in his, her, or its discretion, consider  the long-term as well as the short-term interests of our company,  taking into account and considering, as deemed appropriate, the effects of such action on our (i) stockholders and (ii)  other stakeholders, including hosts, guests, communities, and  employees, and in the case of (ii), as may be identified or revised by  our board of directors from time to time. The restated certification of incorporation also provides that nothing  in our restated certificate of incorporation or any other governing  document, policy, or guideline adopted by us will (i) create any duty  owed by any director to any person or entity to consider, or afford any particular weight to, any of the  foregoing matters or to limit his or her consideration thereof or (ii)  other than as vested in our stockholders to the extent provided under  applicable law, be construed as creating any rights against any director or us. These constituency provisions  grant discretionary authority only to the extent consistent with and  permitted by law, and do not confer third-party beneficiary status on  any person or entity.
Host Endowment Fund
In  October 2020, we established Airbnb Host Endowment, a wholly-owned limited liability  company (the “Host Endowment Fund”) that is designed to allow our hosts  to share in the success of our business. The Host Endowment Fund has  been funded with 9.2 million shares of our newly issued Class H common stock. Shares of Class  H common stock, which we expect will only be issued to the Host  Endowment Fund, have no voting rights, and convert into shares of Class A  common stock on a share-for-share basis upon the sale of shares of Class H common stock. It is our current  intent that the total number of shares contributed to the Host  Endowment Fund by us, when aggregated with any prior contributions, will  not exceed two percent of our total shares outstanding at the time of any future contribution. Third parties  may also contribute to the Host Endowment Fund, and we have set no  limit on contributions to the Host Endowment Fund from other entities,  organizations, or individuals. We presently intend to make distributions to benefit our host community  annually, though these will not begin until after the value of assets  held by the Host Endowment Fund exceeds $1.0 billion. We expect that  distributions will be made using the proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon  the conversion of the Class H common stock. We intend that the number of  shares that will be distributed, converted, and sold by the Host  Endowment Fund will be limited with the objective that the value of the shares remaining in the Host Endowment  Fund will not be less than $1.0 billion after the distribution.
The  goal of the Host Endowment Fund is to support and benefit our host community  through a variety of potential programs, initiatives, and grants. We  want hosts to share in our success, not merely for a single moment in  time, but for as long as Airbnb exists in the world. We intend the Host Endowment Fund to be a long-term  investment in the future of our host community, to be shaped by hosts  for hosts. Although distributions under the Host Endowment Fund will be  informed by input and proposals from the host community, distributions will be made at our sole discretion as  determined by our board of directors or a committee of our board of  directors. We also retain the right to amend our plans for the Host  Endowment Fund.
Registration Rights
Upon  the completion of this offering, certain holders of our Class B common stock and  warrants to purchase our Class A common stock will be entitled to  rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the  Securities Act. These registration rights are contained in the Investors’ Rights Agreement. We, along with our  founders and certain holders of our redeemable convertible preferred  stock and warrants are parties to the Investors’ Rights Agreement. The  registration rights set forth in the Investors’ Rights Agreement terminate upon the earlier to occur  of (i) five years following the completion of this offering, and  (ii) with respect to any particular stockholder, on the first  anniversary of the completion of
this offering so long as such stockholder is able to sell all of its  Registrable Securities, as defined in the Investors’ Rights Agreement,  without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 during any three-month period. We will pay the registration expenses (other  than any underwriting discounts and selling commissions) of the holders  of the shares registered for sale pursuant to the registrations  described below, including the reasonable fees of one counsel for the selling holders not to exceed $50,000.  However, we will not be required to bear the expenses in connection with  the exercise of the demand registration rights of a registration if the  request is subsequently withdrawn at the request of the selling stockholders holding a majority of securities  to be registered. In an underwritten public offering, the underwriters  have the right, subject to specified conditions, to limit the number of  shares such holders may include.
Demand Registration Rights
Upon  the completion of this offering, assuming the selling stockholders sell                       shares and there is no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase  additional shares, the holders of up to approximately                    shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 7,934,794 shares of  our common stock will be entitled to certain demand registration rights. At any time beginning on the earlier of (i) April 17,  2024 and (ii) 180 days after the completion of this offering, the  holders of at least 30% of these shares then outstanding can request  that we register the offer and sale of their shares on a registration statement on Form
if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form
so long as the request covers at least that number of shares with an anticipated offering price, net of underwriting  discounts and commissions, of at least $100.0 million. We are  obligated to effect only two such registrations. If we determine that it  would be materially detrimental to us and our stockholders to effect such a demand registration, we have the right  to defer such registration, not more than once in any
12-month
period, for a period of up to 90 days. In addition, we will not be required to effect a demand registration during the period beginning 60  days prior to our good faith estimate of the date of the filing of and  ending on a date 180 days following the effectiveness of a registration  statement initiated by us.
Registration Rights
Upon  the completion of this offering, assuming the selling stockholders sell                       shares and there is no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase  additional shares, the holders of up to approximately                    shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 7,934,794 shares of  our common stock will be entitled to certain Form
registration rights. The holders of at least 30% of these shares then  outstanding may make a written request that we register the offer and  sale of their shares on a registration statement on Form
if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form
so long as the request covers at least that number of shares with an anticipated offering price of at least $50 million. These stockholders may make an unlimited number of requests for registration on Form
S-3;
however, we will not be required to effect a registration on Form
if we have effected two such registrations within the
12-month
period preceding the date of the request. In addition, if we determine  that it would be materially detrimental to us and our stockholders to effect such a registration, we  have the right to defer such registration, not more than once in any
12-month
period, for a period of up to 90 days. Lastly, we will not be required to effect a demand registration during the period beginning  30 days prior to our good faith estimate of the date of the filing of  and ending on a date 90 days following the effectiveness of a  registration statement initiated by us.
Piggyback Registration Rights
Assuming  the selling stockholders sell                       shares and there is no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase  additional shares, if we propose to register the offer and sale of our common stock under the Securities Act, in  connection with the public offering of such common stock, the holders of  up to approximately                   shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 7,934,794 shares of  our
common stock will be entitled to certain “piggyback” registration rights  allowing the holders to include their shares in such registration,  subject to certain marketing and other limitations, which, in the case of an underwritten offering, will be in  the sole discretion of the underwriters. As a result, whenever we  propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other  than with respect to (i) a registration related solely to a company stock plan, (ii) a  registration relating to a corporate reorganization or transaction under  Rule 145 of the Securities Act, (iii) a registration on any form  that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration  statement covering the public offering of our common stock, or  (iv) a registration in which the only common stock being registered  is common stock issuable upon the conversion of debt securities that are also being registered, the  holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the registration and  have the right, subject to certain limitations, to include their shares  in the registration.
Anti-Takeover Provisions
The  provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our restated certificate of  incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws, which are summarized  below, may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or discouraging  another person from acquiring control of our company. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons  seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of  directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our  potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of  discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these  proposals could result in an improvement of their terms.
Delaware Law
We  are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation  Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware  corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an  “interested stockholder” for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the  person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination  is approved in a prescribed manner. A “business combination” includes  mergers, asset sales, or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the stockholder.  An “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with affiliates  and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15% or more of the  corporation’s outstanding voting stock. These provisions may have the effect of  delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in our control.
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaw Provisions
Our  restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, each of which will become effective immediately prior  to the completion of this offering, contain provisions that could make  the following actions and transactions, among others, more difficult:  acquisition of us by means of a tender offer, acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or  otherwise, or removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is  possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to  accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in  our best interests, including transactions that might result in a  premium over the market price for our shares.
These  provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive  takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are  also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first  negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of  increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the  proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the  disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of  these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms.
Multi-Series Stock
As  described above in the subsection titled “ — Class A,  Class B, Class C, and Class H Common Stock — Voting Rights,” our restated certificate of incorporation will continue to  provide for a multi-series common stock structure, which will provide  our founders, current investors, executives, and employees with  significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and  significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of  our company or its assets.
Undesignated Preferred Stock
The ability  to authorize undesignated preferred stock will make it possible for our  board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights  or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to effect a  change in control of our company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring  hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our  company.
Special Stockholder Meetings
Our restated  certificate of incorporation will provide that a special meeting of  stockholders may only be called by an officer of our company pursuant to  a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors then in  office or the chairperson of our board of directors.
Stockholder Action by Written Consent
Our  restated certificate of incorporation will provide that from and after  the date holders of our Class B common stock hold less than 50% of the voting power of our capital stock, no action may be taken by our  stockholders by written consent.
Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Proposals and Nominations
Our  amended and restated bylaws will establish advance notice procedures  with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as  directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the  board of directors or a committee of the board of directors.
Classified Board; Election and Removal of Directors; Filling Vacancies
Effective  upon the completion of this offering, our board of directors will be  divided into three classes, divided as nearly as equal in number as possible. The directors in each class will serve for a three-year term,  one class being elected each year by our stockholders, with staggered  three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each  annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective  three-year terms. Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting  rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the  then outstanding capital stock will be able to elect all of our directors. Our restated certificate of  incorporation will provide for the removal of any of our directors only  for cause and requires a stockholder vote by the holders of a majority  of the voting power of the then outstanding capital stock. For more information on the classified board,  see the section titled “Management — Classified Board of Directors.”  Furthermore, our board of directors has the exclusive right to set the  size of the board of directors, and any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring,  including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the  board, may only be filled by a resolution of the board of directors  unless the board of directors determines that such vacancies will be filled by the stockholders. This system of  electing and removing directors and filling vacancies may discourage a  third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain  control of us because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the  directors.
Forum Selection
Our  certificate of incorporation and bylaws currently provide, and our  restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws,  which will become effective immediately prior to the completion of this  offering, will provide, that: (i) unless we consent in writing to  the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the  State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court  of the State of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law,  be the sole and exclusive forum for: (A) any derivative action or  proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (B) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a  fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer,  other employee, agent or stockholder to the company or our stockholders,  including without limitation a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary  duty, (C) any action asserting a claim against the company or any of our  current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder  arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation  or bylaws or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers  jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (D)  any action asserting a claim related to or involving the company that is governed by the internal  affairs doctrine; (ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of  an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States  of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the  resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under  the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations  promulgated thereunder; (iii) any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in  shares of capital stock of the company will be deemed to have notice of  and consented to these provisions; and (iv) failure to enforce the  foregoing provisions would cause us irreparable harm, and we will be entitled to equitable relief, including  injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing  provisions. Nothing in our current certificate of incorporation or  bylaws or our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that  assert claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended  (the “Exchange Act”), from bringing such claims in federal court to the  extent that the Exchange Act confers exclusive federal jurisdiction over such claims, subject to  applicable law.
Although  our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will contain the choice of forum provision  described above, it is possible that a court could find that such  a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or  that such provision is unenforceable.
Amendment of Charter Provisions
Any amendment  of the above provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation  would require approval by holders of a majority of the voting power of  the then outstanding capital stock, except the following: (i) at least  66-
%  of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock, voting  together as a single class, will be required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with: (A) the provisions  governing the size of our board of directors, the classified board of  directors, the election and the removal of directors, the filling of  vacancies on our board of directors, the authority of our board of directors to adopt, repeal, alter, amend,  or rescind our bylaws, and the voting threshold required for  stockholders to adopt, repeal, alter, amend, or rescind our bylaws, (B)  the provision specifying that only an officer of our company pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of  our board of directors or the chairperson of our board of directors may  call special stockholder meeting, (C) the provisioning specifying that  stockholders will have the ability to act by written consent only as long as holders of our Class B  common stock hold at least 50% of the voting power of our capital  stock, and (D) this amendment threshold requirement; and (ii) at least  80% of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding at the time of such vote, voting as a separate series,  is required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision
inconsistent  with: (A) the provision governing the right of each share of Class B  common stock being entitled to 20 votes, (B) the provisions governing the conversion  of the Class B common stock, including the requirement that the vote or  written consent of the holders of at least 80% of the outstanding shares  of Class B common stock is required to effect an automatic conversion of all Class B common stock  to Class A Common stock; and (C) this amendment threshold requirement.
Amendment of Bylaws
Our  board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, or repeal our amended  and restated bylaws. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws can  be adopted, amended, or repealed with the approval of the affirmative  vote of the holders of at least 66
% of the voting power of all our then-outstanding shares of capital stock.
Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
For  a discussion of limitation on liability and indemnification, see the  section titled “Management — Limitation on Liability and Indemnification Matters.”
Transfer Agent and Registrar
Upon  the completion of this offering, the transfer agent and registrar for  our Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class H common stock will  be Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent’s address is 150  Royal Street, Canton, MA 02021.
Listing
We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ABNB.”
Description of Certain Indebtedness
The  following is a summary of the material terms of certain of our  indebtedness. The summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to  the full text of the agreements governing the terms of such indebtedness,  which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this  prospectus is a part.
First Lien Loan
In  April 2020, we, as borrower, and certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a  $1.0 billion First Lien Credit Agreement with Cortland Capital  Market Services LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders from time  to time party thereto, resulting in proceeds of $961.4 million, net of debt discount and issuance  costs. The loan is due and payable in April 2025. The underlying loan  can be repaid in whole or in part prior to April 2025 at our option,  subject to applicable prepayment premiums and make-whole premiums.
Interest and Fees
Interest  on the First Lien Loan is payable monthly or quarterly in arrears, at  our option depending on the chosen per annum interest rate equal to (i) in the case of LIBOR borrowings, 7.5% plus LIBOR, subject to a floor of  1% (the “First Lien Eurodollar Rate”), or (ii) in the case of base rate  borrowings, 6.5% plus the greatest of (a) the prime rate,  (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5%, and (c) LIBOR for a
one-month
period plus 1%, subject to a floor of 2%.
Interest  on base rate borrowings is payable in arrears on the last business day  of each March, June, September, and December and on the maturity date of the First Lien Loan. Interest on LIBOR borrowings is payable at the  end of each applicable interest period of one month or three months.  Interest on all past due amounts will accrue at 2% per annum in excess  of the applicable rate (the “Default Rate”). The Default Rate will also apply upon the occurrence of  an event of default, subject to customary conditions.
We pay certain customary administration fees under the First Lien Credit Agreement.
Guarantees and Security
All  obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement are unconditionally  guaranteed by substantially all of our existing and future, direct and indirect, wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, subject to  certain exceptions.
All  obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement, and the guarantees of such obligations, are secured, subject to permitted  liens and other exceptions, by substantially all of our and our  subsidiary guarantors’ assets, subject to certain exceptions.
Amortization and Prepayments
Beginning  in September 2020, we are required to repay the First Lien Loan in  quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion of the First Lien Loan.
The remaining principal amount outstanding under the First Lien Loans is due and payable in full at maturity.
Voluntary Prepayments
We may  prepay at our option, in full or in part, borrowings under the First  Lien Credit Agreement, subject to notice requirements, minimum  prepayment amounts, increment limitations, and a prepayment premium and a  make-whole premium under certain circumstances as described below.
Mandatory Prepayments
The  First Lien Credit Agreement requires us to prepay outstanding First  Lien Loans, plus any applicable prepayment premium and make-whole  premium, in the event of
non-ordinary
course  asset sales or other dispositions of property, or incurrence or  issuance by us or certain of our subsidiaries of any indebtedness,  subject to certain exceptions, with:
100% of the net cash proceeds of all
non-ordinary
course asset sales or other dispositions of property, if we or certain of our  subsidiaries do not reinvest those proceeds in assets to be used in our  business or to make certain other permitted investments within (i) 450  days or (ii) 630 days, so long as a commitment to reinvest is made within 450 days, in each case subject to  certain exceptions; and
100%  of the net cash proceeds of all incurrence or issuance by us or certain  of our subsidiaries of any indebtedness (except for permitted debt (other than debt incurred in  connection with, related to, or associated with any governmental  assistance and/or sponsored facility or program related to the
COVID-19
pandemic that is secured on a pari passu basis with the First Lien Loan)).
Prepayment Premium and Make-Whole Premium
If  any prepayment of First Lien Loans (whether voluntary, mandatory, or  due to the acceleration of the loans) is made prior to the third anniversary of the closing date, a premium of 3% of the principal amount  prepaid is required to be paid. If any prepayment of loans is made from  and after the third anniversary but before the fourth anniversary of  the closing date, a premium of 1% is required to be paid. From and after the fourth anniversary of the  closing date, no premium is required.
Any  prepayment of First Lien Loans (whether voluntary, mandatory or due to the acceleration of the loans)  made prior to the second anniversary of the closing date will also be  subject to a make-whole premium equal to the difference between  (a) the aggregate amount of interest (assuming such interest is paid in cash and calculated at the First Lien  Eurodollar Rate with a three month interest period) that would have  otherwise been payable from the prepayment date through the second  anniversary of the closing date on the applicable principal amount, minus (b) the aggregate amount of  interest (assuming such interest is paid in cash and calculated at the  First Lien Eurodollar Rate with a three month interest period) that  would have been earned if the prepaid principal amount were reinvested for the period from the prepayment date  through the second anniversary of the closing date at a treasury rate  determined by the administrative agent.
Certain Covenants and Events of Default
The  First Lien Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants that  restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our and our subsidiaries’  ability to, among other things:
incur additional indebtedness;
create or incur liens;
engage in certain fundamental changes, including mergers or consolidations;
sell or transfer assets;
pay dividends and distributions on our and our subsidiaries’ capital stock;
payments and prepayments of junior or unsecured indebtedness;
make acquisitions, investments, loans, or advances;
engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and
enter into negative pledge clauses and clauses restricting subsidiary distributions.
The  First Lien Credit Agreement also contains certain customary affirmative  covenants and events of default, including a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the First  Lien Credit Agreement will be entitled to take various actions,  including the acceleration of amounts due under the First Lien Credit  Agreement and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor.
Second Lien Loan
In  April 2020, we, as borrower, and certain of our subsidiaries, as  guarantors, entered into a $1.0 billion Second Lien Credit  Agreement with Top IV Talents, LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders from time to  time party thereto, resulting in proceeds of $967.5 million, net of  debt discount and issuance costs. The loan is due and payable in July  2025. The underlying loan can be repaid in whole or in part prior to July 2025 at our option, subject to  applicable prepayment premiums, make-whole premiums, and the priority of  lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement over any proceeds we  receive from the sale of collateral.
Interest and Fees
Interest on  the Second Lien Loan is payable monthly or quarterly in arrears, at our  option depending on the chosen per annum interest rate equal to (i) in  the case of LIBOR borrowings, 10% plus LIBOR, subject to a floor of 1%  (the “Second Lien Eurodollar Rate”), or (ii) in the case of base rate borrowings, 9% plus  the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds  effective rate plus 0.5%, and (c) LIBOR for a
one-month
period plus 1%, subject to a floor of 3%. In addition, at our election,
payment-in-kind
interest up to 5.5% per annum may be paid by increasing the principal amount of the Second Lien Loan by such amount.
Interest  on base rate borrowings is payable in arrears on the last business day of each March, June,  September, and December and on the maturity date of the Second Lien  Loan. Interest on LIBOR borrowings is payable at the end of each  applicable interest period of one month or three months. Interest on all past due amounts will accrue at the Default  Rate. The Default Rate will also apply upon the occurrence of an event  of default, subject to customary conditions.
We pay certain customary administration fees under the Second Lien Credit Agreement.
Guarantees and Security
All obligations  under the Second Lien Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed  by substantially all of our and certain of our existing and future,  direct and indirect, wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries,  subject to certain exceptions.
Obligations  under the Second Lien Credit Agreement, and the guarantees of such  obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by substantially all of our and our subsidiary guarantors’  assets, subject to certain exceptions.
Prepayments
Principal amounts outstanding under the Second Lien Loan are due and payable in full at maturity.
Voluntary Prepayments
Subject  to the priority of lenders under the First Lien Credit Agreement over any  proceeds we receive from the sale of collateral , we may prepay at our  option, in full or in part, borrowings under the Second Lien Credit  Agreement, subject to notice requirements, minimum prepayment amounts, increment limitations, and a prepayment  premium and a make-whole premium under certain circumstances.
Mandatory Prepayments
Subject  to our obligation to make mandatory prepayments under the First Lien  Credit Agreement, the Second Lien Credit Agreement requires us to prepay outstanding Second Lien Loans, plus any applicable prepayment premium  and make-whole premium, in the event of
non-ordinary
course asset sales or other dispositions of property or incurrence, or issuance by us or certain of our subsidiaries of any indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions, with:
100% of the net cash proceeds of all
non-ordinary
course asset sales or other dispositions of property, if we or certain of our  subsidiaries do not reinvest those proceeds in assets to be used in our  business or to make certain other permitted investments within (i) 450  days or (ii) 630 days, so long as a commitment to reinvest is made within 450 days, in each case subject to  certain exceptions; and
100%  of the net cash proceeds of all incurrence or issuance by us or certain  of our subsidiaries of any indebtedness (except for permitted debt (other than debt incurred in  connection with, related to, or associated with any governmental  assistance and/or sponsored facility or program related to the
COVID-19
pandemic that is secured senior in the right of priority to the Second Lien Loan)).
Prepayment Premium and Make-Whole Premium
If  any prepayment of Second Lien Loans (whether voluntary, mandatory or  due to the acceleration of the loans) is made prior to the
18-month
anniversary of the closing date (the “Second Lien Call Date”), a  premium of 2% of the principal amount prepaid is required to be paid. If  any prepayment of loans is made from and after the Second Lien Call Date but before the first anniversary of the Second Lien Call  Date, a premium of 2% is required to be paid. If any prepayment of loans  is made from and after the first anniversary of the Second Lien Call  Date but before the second anniversary of the Second Lien Call Date, a premium of 1% is required to  be paid. From and after the second anniversary of the Second Lien Call  Date, no premium is required.
Any  prepayment of Second Lien Loans (whether voluntary, mandatory, or due  to the acceleration of the loans) made prior to the Second Lien Call  Date will also be subject to a make-whole premium equal to the difference  between (a) the aggregate amount of interest (assuming such  interest is paid in cash and calculated at the Second Lien Eurodollar  Rate with a three month interest period) that would have otherwise been payable from the payment date through the  Second Lien Call Date on the applicable principal amount, minus  (b) the aggregate amount of interest (assuming such interest is  paid in cash and calculated at the Second Lien Eurodollar Rate with a three month interest period) that would have been  earned if the prepaid principal amount were reinvested for the period  from the prepayment date through the Second Lien Call Date at a treasury  rate determined by the administrative agent.
Certain Covenants and Events of Default
The  Second Lien Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants that  restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our and our subsidiaries’  ability to, among other things:
incur additional indebtedness;
create or incur liens;
engage in certain fundamental changes, including mergers or consolidations;
sell or transfer assets;
pay dividends and distributions on our and our subsidiaries’ capital stock;
payments and prepayments of junior or unsecured indebtedness;
make acquisitions, investments, loans, or advances;
engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and
enter into negative pledge clauses and clauses restricting subsidiary distributions.
The  Second Lien Credit Agreement also contains certain customary  affirmative covenants and events of default, including a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the  Second Lien Credit Agreement will be entitled to take various actions,  including the acceleration of amounts due under the Second Lien Credit  Agreement and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor, subject to the terms of the  Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below).
Intercreditor Agreement
As  between the First Lien Loan and the Second Lien Loan, lien priorities,  rights and obligations of lenders during liquidation or insolvency proceedings, ability of lenders to release and foreclose on collateral  and other intercreditor matters are governed by the First Lien and  Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2020  (the “Intercreditor Agreement”), by and among us, certain of our subsidiaries, Cortland Capital Market  Services LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent under the First  Lien Credit Agreement, Top IV Talents, LLC, in its capacity as  administrative agent under the Second Lien Credit Agreement, and the other parties party thereto.
Warrants
In  connection with the Second Lien Loan, we issued warrants to purchase  7,934,794 shares of Class A common stock with an initial  exercise price of $28.355 per share, subject to adjustments upon the occurrence  of certain specified events, to the Second Lien Loan lenders. The  warrants expire on April 17, 2030 and the exercise price can be  settled in cash or in net shares at the holder’s option. The fair value of the warrants of $116.6 million  at issuance was recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance  sheet, and the warrant liability will be subsequently remeasured to fair  value at each reporting date as long as the warrants remain outstanding and unexercised with changes in  fair value recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated  statements of operations.
Shares Eligible for Future Sale
Prior  to this offering, there has been no public market for our Class A  common stock, and a liquid trading market for our Class A common stock may not develop or be sustained after this offering. Sales of  substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public  market after this offering, or the perception that such sales could  occur, could adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock and may make it more difficult  for you to sell your Class A common stock at a time and price that  you deem appropriate.
Upon  the completion of this offering, based on the number of shares of our  common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020, we will have a total  of                shares  of our Class A common stock  and                shares of  our Class B common stock outstanding, assuming the conversion of  all outstanding shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock, of  which 239,623,894 shares are outstanding as of September 30, 2020, into  an aggregate of 240,910,588 shares of our Class B common stock, including 1,286,694 shares of  common stock issuable pursuant to the anti-dilution adjustment  provisions relating to our Series C redeemable convertible preferred  stock, immediately prior to the completion of this offering and the net issuance of shares of our Class A common  stock upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs, for which the  service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of September 30,  2020 and for which we expect the liquidity-based vesting condition to be satisfied in connection with  this offering, after withholding shares to satisfy associated estimated  income tax obligations (based on the assumed initial public offering  price of $         per share, which is  the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this  prospectus, and an assumed    % tax withholding  rate), and 9,200,000 shares of our Class H common stock outstanding, which are held by our  wholly-owned Host Endowment Fund subsidiary. Of these shares, all of the  Class A common stock sold in this offering by us or the selling  stockholders, plus any shares sold by us upon exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ option to purchase shares of  Class A common stock, will be freely tradable in the public market  without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act,  unless these shares are purchased by one of our “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144, or by  certain individuals identified by our officers and directors in the  directed share program. There will be no shares of Class C common stock  outstanding upon the completion of this offering.
The  remaining shares of Class A, Class B, and Class H common  stock will be, and shares of Class A and Class B common stock underlying outstanding RSUs, or subject to  stock options or warrants will be on issuance, deemed “restricted  securities,” as defined in Rule 144. Restricted securities may be sold  in the public market only if they are registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration  under Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the Securities Act (“Rule 701”), which  rules are summarized below.
As  a result of the lock-up agreements and market standoff agreements  described below and subject to the provisions of Rules 144 or 701, these restricted securities will be available for sale in the public market as  follows:
Earliest Date Available for Sale in the Public Market
Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock
The first trading day on which our common stock is traded on Nasdaq (the “first release window”).
Up to
shares.  Includes shares held by persons not subject to lock-up agreements or  market standoff agreements and certain securities held by Employee Stockholders (as defined below). Excludes securities held by  “affiliates” for the purposes of Rule 144, as described below under “—  Rule 144.”
Earliest Date Available for Sale in the Public Market
Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock
The  second trading day immediately following our public release of earnings  for the first quarter following the most recent period for which financial statements  are included in this prospectus (the “second release window” provided  that the closing price of our Class A common stock on Nasdaq is at least  33% greater than the initial public offering price per share set forth on the cover page of  this prospectus for the periods described in the section titled  “Underwriting”).
Up to
shares.  Includes shares held by persons not subject to lock-up agreements or  market standoff agreements and certain securities held by Employee Stockholders and selling stockholders (excluding current executive  officers, our Principal Accounting Officer, and directors including our  founders). Includes all available for sale shares described above.  Excludes securities held by “affiliates” for the purposes of Rule 144.
The later of (i) the 91st day after the date of this prospectus and (ii) the beginning of the second release window, assuming in either case that we are current in our Exchange Act reporting at such time.
Up to
shares  held by Employee Stockholders and selling stockholders (excluding  current executive officers, our Principal Accounting Officer, and directors including our founders). Includes all available for sale  shares described above as well as securities held by “affiliates” for  the purposes of Rule 144 that are available for sale (without giving  effect to applicable Rule 144 volume limitations as described below).
The  later of (i) the opening of trading on the second trading day  immediately following our public release of earnings for the second quarter following the most  recent period for which financial statements are included in this  prospectus and (ii) the 121
day after the date of this prospectus (assuming that as of such date we have  publicly released our earnings for the second quarter following the  most recent period for which financial statements are included in this  prospectus).
All remaining shares held by our stockholders not previously eligible for sale, subject to volume limitations applicable to “affiliates” under Rule 144 as described below.
Includes  an estimated                   shares that will be eligible for sale in the public market in order to  satisfy tax obligations in connection with the settlement of RSUs  outstanding as of                  ,  2020 that fully vest in connection with this offering, and an estimated                   shares that will be eligible for sale in the public market in order to  satisfy tax obligations in connection with the settlement of additional  RSUs that are expected to vest on February 25, 2021, in each case, based on an  assumed a personal tax rate of     % and upon an  assumed initial public offering price of  $         per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this  prospectus. The actual number of shares eligible for sale in the public  market in connection with tax obligations may differ based on our  stockholders’ personal tax rates.
Rule 144
Under Rule  144, as currently in effect, once we have been subject to the public  company reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for at least 90 days,  and we are current in our Exchange Act reporting at the time of sale, a  person (or persons whose shares are required to be aggregated) who is not deemed to have been one  of our “affiliates” for purposes of Rule 144 at any time during the 90  days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned restricted  securities within the meaning of Rule 144 for at least six months, including the holding period of any  prior owner other than one of our “affiliates,” is entitled to sell  those shares in the public market without complying with the manner of  sale, volume limitations, or notice provisions of Rule 144, but subject to compliance with the  public information requirements of Rule 144. If
such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for  at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other  than one of our “affiliates,” then such person is entitled to sell such shares in the public market without  complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144.
In  general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, once we have been subject to the public  company reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for at least 90 days,  our “affiliates,” as defined in Rule 144, who have beneficially owned  the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, are entitled to sell in the public market,  within any three-month period, a number of those shares that does not  exceed the greater of:
1%  of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then  outstanding, which will equal                 shares  immediately after the completion of this offering; or
the  average weekly trading volume of our Class A common stock on                during  the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144  with respect to such sale.
Such  sales under Rule 144 by our “affiliates” or persons selling shares on  behalf of our “affiliates” are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions, notice requirements, and requirements related  to the availability of current public information about us.
Rule 701
In  general, under Rule 701 as currently in effect, any of our employees,  directors, officers, consultants, or advisors who acquired common stock from us in connection with a written compensatory stock or option  plan or other written agreement in compliance with Rule 701 before the  effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is  a part and who are not our “affiliates” as defined in Rule 144 during the immediately preceding 90  days, is entitled to rely on Rule 701 to resell such shares beginning 90  days after the date of this prospectus in reliance on Rule 144, but  without complying with the manner of sale, notice requirements, requirements related to the  availability of current public information, or volume limitation  provisions of Rule 144. The SEC has indicated that Rule 701 applies to  typical stock options granted by an issuer before it becomes subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange  Act, and will apply to shares acquired upon exercise of such stock  options, including exercises after the date of this prospectus. Persons  who are our “affiliates” may resell those shares beginning 90 days after the date of this prospectus  without compliance with minimum holding period requirements under Rule  144.
Registration Rights
Pursuant  to our amended and restated investors’ rights agreement, assuming the selling  stockholders sell                    shares and there is no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, the holders of up to                    shares of our common stock (including shares issuable upon the  conversion of our outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock, including the shares of common  stock issuable pursuant to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions  relating to our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock,  immediately prior to the completion of this offering) and holders of warrants to purchase      shares of our common stock, or their transferees, will be entitled to  certain rights with respect to the registration of the offer and sale of  those shares or the shares issued pursuant to such warrants under the Securities Act. See the  section titled “Description of Capital Stock — Registration Rights”  for a description of these registration rights. If the offer and sale  of these shares or the shares issued pursuant to such warrants is registered, the shares will be  freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, and a  large number of shares or the shares issued pursuant to such warrants  may be sold into the public market.
Lock-up and Market Standoff Agreements
We  and all of our directors, executive officers, and certain other record  holders that together represent approximately     %  of our outstanding Class A common stock and securities directly or  indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class  A common stock are subject to lock-up agreements with the underwriters  or market standoff agreements with us for the benefit of the underwriters agreeing that, without the prior written  consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC on behalf of the underwriters,  we and they will not, in accordance with the terms of such agreements,  during the period ending on the later of (i) the opening of trading on the second trading day  immediately following our public release of earnings for the second  quarter following the most recent period for which financial statements  are included in this prospectus and (ii) the 121
day after the date of this prospectus (assuming that as of such date we  have publicly released our earnings for the second quarter following  the most recent period for which financial statements are included in this prospectus) (such  period, the “restricted period”):
offer,  pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to  purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right, or warrant to purchase, lend,  make any short sale, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or  indirectly, any shares of our Class A common stock and securities  directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock;
enter  into any swap, hedging transaction, or other arrangement that transfers  to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our Class A  common stock, whether any such transaction described above is to be  settled by delivery of our Class A common stock or such other  securities, in cash or otherwise; or
publicly disclose the intention to take any of the actions restricted by clause (1) or (2) above.
In  addition to the above, an additional approximately      % of our outstanding Class A common stock and securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or  exercisable for our Class A common stock is subject to market standoff  provisions applicable to equity awards issued under our equity incentive  plans that restrict the holders of such securities from taking any of the actions with respect to such  securities described by clause (1) above during the restricted period.  As a result of the foregoing, an aggregate of approximately      % of our outstanding Class A common stock and securities directly or indirectly convertible into or  exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock is subject to a  lock-up agreement or market standoff provisions during the restricted  period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
up  to 15% of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common  stock held by our current and former employees, consultants, and  contractors (but excluding current executive officers, our Principal  Accounting Officer, and directors including our founders, and any other person who is a party to our Investors’  Rights Agreement) (the “Employee Stockholders”) may be sold for a  7-trading day period beginning at the commencement of trading on the  first trading day on which our common stock is traded on Nasdaq; and
up  to 25% of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common  stock held by Employee Stockholders or investors who sell to the  underwriters in this offering (excluding current executive officers, our  Principal Accounting Officer, and directors including our founders), plus, in the case of Employee  Stockholders, any first release window eligible shares held by such
person  not sold during the first release window, may be sold beginning at the  opening of trading on the second trading day immediately following our public release of  earnings for the first quarter following the most recent period for  which financial statements are included in this prospectus (such  release, our “first post-public earnings release”), provided that the last reported closing price of our common  stock on Nasdaq is at least 33% greater than the initial public offering  price per share set forth on the cover page of this prospectus:
for any 10 trading days out of the 15-consecutive full trading day period ending on the closing of the first full trading day immediately following our first post-public offering earnings release; and
at the closing of the first full trading day immediately following our first post-public offering earnings release;
further  provided, that no sales pursuant to this clause (B) will be  permitted until at least 60 days after the date of this prospectus. We refer to the period during which  sales may occur pursuant to this clause (B) as the “second release  window.” The lock-up agreements and market standoff agreements described  above are subject to a number of exceptions, including sales of shares on the open market to  cover taxes or estimated taxes due as a result of vesting or settlement  of RSUs during the restricted period. See the section titled  “Underwriting” for information about these exceptions and a further description of these agreements.
Upon the expiration of the restricted period, substantially all of the securities subject to such transfer restrictions will become eligible for sale, subject to the limitations discussed above.
Equity Incentive Plans
We intend to file one or more registration statements on Form
under the Securities Act to register all of the shares of our Class A and Class B common  stock issuable or reserved for issuance under our 2008 Plan, 2018 Plan,  Hotel Tonight Plan, 2020 Plan, and ESPP. Shares covered by such  registration statement will be eligible for sale in the public market, subject to the Rule 144 limitations and  vesting restrictions.
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to
Non-U.S.
Holders
The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to
Non-U.S. Holders
(as defined below) of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our  Class A common stock, but does not purport to be a complete  analysis of all potential tax effects. The effects of other U.S. federal tax laws, such as estate  and gift tax laws, and any applicable state, local or
non-U.S. tax
laws are not discussed. This discussion is based on the Code, Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, judicial decisions, and  published rulings and administrative pronouncements of the U.S. Internal  Revenue Service (the “IRS”), in each case in effect as of the date  hereof. These authorities may change or be subject to differing interpretations. Any such change or  differing interpretation may be applied retroactively in a manner that  could adversely affect a
Non-U.S. Holder.
We have not sought and will not seek any rulings from the IRS regarding the matters  discussed below. There can be no assurance the IRS or a court will not  take a contrary position to that discussed below regarding the tax  consequences of the purchase, ownership, and disposition of our Class A common stock.
This discussion is limited to
Non-U.S. Holders
that hold our Class A common stock as a “capital asset” within the  meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for  investment). This discussion does not address all U.S. federal  income tax consequences relevant to a
Non-U.S. Holder’s
particular circumstances, including the impact of the Medicare  contribution tax on net investment income or the alternative minimum  tax. In addition, it does not address consequences relevant to
Non-U.S. Holders
subject to special rules, including, without limitation:
U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States;
persons holding our Class A common stock as part of a hedge, straddle, or other risk reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment;
banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions;
brokers, dealers, or traders in securities;
“controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies,” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;
partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein);
tax-exempt
organizations or governmental organizations;
persons deemed to sell our Class A common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code;
persons who hold or receive our Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;
tax-qualified
retirement plans;
“qualified foreign pension funds” as defined in Section 897(l)(2) of the Code and entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified foreign pension funds; and
persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to our Class A common stock being taken into account in an applicable financial statement.
If  an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our  Class A common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the  partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of  the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships holding our Class A  common stock and the partners in such partnerships should consult their  tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to  them.
THIS  DISCUSSION IS NOT TAX ADVICE. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX  ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME  TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF  THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP, AND DISPOSITION OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK  ARISING UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL ESTATE OR GIFT TAX LAWS OR UNDER THE  LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, OR
NON-U.S. TAXING
JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE INCOME TAX TREATY.
Definition of
Non-U.S. Holder
For purposes of this discussion, a
“Non-U.S. Holder”
is any  beneficial owner of our Class A common stock that is neither a  “U.S. person” nor an entity treated as a partnership for  U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. person is any person that, for U.S. federal  income tax purposes, is or is treated as any of the following:
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia;
an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or
a  trust that (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a  U.S. court and all substantial decisions of which are subject to the control of one or more “United  States persons” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the  Code), or (ii) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a  United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Distributions
As  described in the section titled “Dividend Policy,” we do not  anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. However, if we do make distributions of cash or property on our  Class A common stock, such distributions will constitute dividends  for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our  current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles.  Amounts not treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax  purposes will constitute a return of capital and first be applied  against and reduce a
Non-U.S. Holder’s
adjusted tax basis in its Class A common stock, but not below  zero. Any excess will be treated as capital gain and will be treated as  described below under the subsection titled “ — Sale or Other Taxable Disposition.”
Subject to the discussion below on effectively connected income, dividends paid to a
Non-U.S. Holder
will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30%  of the gross amount of the dividends (or such lower rate specified by an  applicable income tax treaty, provided the
Non-U.S. Holder
furnishes a valid IRS
Form W-8BEN
W-8BEN-E
(or other applicable documentation) certifying qualification for the lower treaty rate). A
Non-U.S. Holder
that does not timely furnish the required documentation, but that qualifies
for a reduced treaty rate, may obtain a refund of any excess amounts  withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the
IRS. Non-U.S. Holders
should consult their tax advisors regarding their entitlement to benefits under any applicable tax treaties.
If dividends paid to a
Non-U.S. Holder
are effectively connected with the
Non-U.S. Holder’s
conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the
Non-U.S. Holder
maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such dividends are attributable), the
Non-U.S. Holder
will be exempt from the U.S. federal withholding tax described above. To claim the exemption, the
Non-U.S. Holder
must furnish to the applicable withholding agent a valid IRS
Form W-8ECI,
certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the
Non-U.S. Holder’s
conduct of a trade or business within the United States.
Any  such effectively connected dividends will be subject to  U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular rates.  A
Non-U.S. Holder
that is a  corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of  30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on  such effectively connected dividends, as adjusted for certain items.
Non-U.S. Holders
should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for different rules.
Sale or Other Taxable Disposition
Subject to the discussion below regarding backup withholding, a
Non-U.S. Holder
will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain realized upon the sale or other  taxable disposition of our Class A common stock unless:
the gain is effectively connected with the
Non-U.S. Holder’s
conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the
Non-U.S. Holder
maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such gain is attributable);
Non-U.S. Holder
is a nonresident alien individual present in the United States for 183 days or more during the  taxable year of the disposition and certain other requirements are met;  or
our Class A common stock constitutes a U.S. real property interest (“USRPI”), by reason of our status as a U.S. real property holding corporation (“USRPHC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Gain  described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to  U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular rates.  A
Non-U.S. Holder
that is a  corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30%  (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on  such effectively connected gain, as adjusted for certain items.
Non-U.S.
Holder described in the second bullet point above will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate  specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on any gain realized upon  the sale or other taxable disposition, which may be offset by certain  U.S. source capital losses of the
Non-U.S. Holder
(even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the
Non-U.S. Holder
has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses.
With  respect to the third bullet point above, we believe we currently are  not, and do not anticipate becoming, a USRPHC. Because the determination of whether we  are a USRPHC depends, however, on the fair market value of our USRPIs  relative to the fair market value of our
non-U.S. real
property interests and our other business assets, there can be no assurance we  currently are not a USRPHC or will not become one in the future. Even if  we are or were to become a USRPHC, gain arising from the sale or other  taxable
disposition of our Class A common stock by a
Non-U.S. Holder
will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax if our Class A common stock is “regularly traded,” as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market, and such
Non-U.S. Holder
owned, actually and constructively, 5% or less of our Class A common stock throughout the shorter of the five-year period  ending on the date of the sale or other taxable disposition or the
Non-U.S. Holder’s
holding period.
Non-U.S.
Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for different rules.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Payments of dividends on our Class A common stock will not be subject to backup withholding, provided the
Non-U.S. Holder
certifies its
non-U.S. status,
such as by furnishing a valid IRS
Form W-8BEN,
W-8BEN-E,
W-8ECI,
or otherwise establishes an exemption. However, information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with any distributions on our Class A common stock paid to the
Non-U.S. Holder,
regardless of whether any tax was actually withheld. In addition,  proceeds of the sale or other taxable disposition of our Class A common stock within the United States or  conducted through certain U.S.-related brokers generally will not be  subject to backup withholding or information reporting if the applicable  withholding agent receives the certification described above or the
Non-U.S. Holder
otherwise establishes an exemption. Proceeds of a disposition of our Class A common stock conducted through a
non-U.S. office
of a
non-U.S. broker
that does not have certain enumerated relationships with the United States generally will not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting.
Copies of information returns that are filed with the IRS may also be made available under the provisions of an applicable treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the
Non-U.S. Holder
resides or is established.
Backup  withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the  backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a
Non-U.S. Holder’s
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
Additional Withholding Tax on Payments Made to Foreign Accounts
Withholding  taxes may be imposed under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (such  Sections commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”)) on certain types of payments made to
non-U.S. financial
institutions and certain other
non-U.S. entities.
Specifically, a 30% withholding tax may be imposed on dividends on, or (subject to the  proposed Treasury Regulations discussed below) gross proceeds from the  sale or other disposition of, our Class A common stock paid to a  “foreign financial institution” or a
“non-financial
foreign entity” (each as defined in the Code), unless (i) the  foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence and reporting  obligations, (ii) the
non-financial
foreign entity either certifies it does not have any “substantial United  States owners” (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying  information regarding each substantial United States owner, or (iii) the foreign financial  institution or
non-financial
foreign entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. If  the payee is a foreign financial institution and is subject to the diligence and reporting requirements  in (i) above, it must enter into an agreement with the  U.S. Department of the Treasury requiring, among other things, that  it undertake to identify accounts held by certain “specified United States persons” or “United States owned  foreign entities” (each as defined in the Code), annually report certain  information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on certain payments  to
non-compliant
foreign  financial institutions and certain other account holders. Foreign  financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an  intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA may be subject to different rules.
Under  the applicable Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance,  withholding under FATCA generally applies to payments of dividends on our Class A common  stock. While withholding under FATCA would have applied also to payments  of gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of stock on or  after January 1, 2019, proposed Treasury Regulations eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross  proceeds entirely. Taxpayers generally may rely on these proposed  Treasury Regulations until final Treasury Regulations are issued.
Prospective  investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential  application of withholding under FATCA to their investment in our Class A common stock.
Underwriting
Under  the terms and subject to the conditions in an underwriting agreement  dated the date of this prospectus, the underwriters named below, for  whom Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  are acting as representatives, have severally agreed to purchase, and we  and the selling stockholders have agreed to sell to them, severally,  the number of shares indicated below:
Name
Number of Shares
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Allen & Company LLC
BofA Securities, Inc.
Barclays Capital Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
BNP Paribas Securities Corp.
Mizuho Securities USA LLC
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Jefferies LLC
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated
Canaccord Genuity LLC
Cowen and Company, LLC
D.A. Davidson & Co.
JMP Securities LLC
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Needham & Company, LLC
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Piper Sandler & Co.
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated
Wedbush Securities Inc.
William Blair & Company, L.L.C.
Academy Securities, Inc.
Blaylock Van, LLC
CastleOak Securities, L.P.
C.L. King & Associates, Inc.
Guzman & Company
Loop Capital Markets LLC
MFR Securities, Inc.
Mischler Financial Group, Inc.
Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc.
Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC
Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
Total
The  underwriters and the representatives are collectively referred to as  the “underwriters” and the “representatives,” respectively. The underwriters  are offering the shares of Class A common stock subject to their  acceptance of the shares from us and the selling stockholders and  subject to prior sale. The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the  several underwriters to pay for and accept delivery of the shares of  Class A common stock offered by this prospectus are subject to the  approval of certain legal matters by their counsel and to certain other conditions. The underwriters are  obligated to take and pay for all of the shares of Class A common  stock offered by this prospectus if any such shares are taken. However,  the underwriters are not required to take or pay for the shares covered by the underwriters’ option to  purchase additional shares described below.
The  underwriters initially propose to offer part of the shares of Class A common stock  directly to the public at the offering price listed on the cover page of  this prospectus and part to certain dealers at a price that represents a  concession not in excess of $                per  share under the public offering price. After the initial offering of  the shares of Class A common stock, the offering price and other  selling terms may from time to time be varied by the representatives.
We  have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days  from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to      additional shares of Class A common stock at the public offering  price listed on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting  discounts and commissions. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering  over-allotments, if any, made in connection with the offering of the  shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus. To the  extent the option is exercised, each underwriter will become obligated, subject to certain conditions, to purchase about  the same percentage of the additional shares of Class A common  stock as the number listed next to the underwriter’s name in the  preceding table bears to the total number of shares of Class A common stock listed next to the names  of all underwriters in the preceding table.
The  following table shows the per share and total public offering price, underwriting discounts and  commissions, and proceeds before expenses to us and the selling  stockholders. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full  exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to an  additional                shares  of Class A common stock.
Total
Share
Exercise
Full
Exercise
Public offering price
Underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid by
Selling stockholders
Proceeds, before expenses, to us
Proceeds, before expenses, to selling stockholders
The  estimated offering expenses payable by us, exclusive of the  underwriting discounts and commissions, are approximately  $                .  We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for expense relating to  clearance of this offering with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority up to  $                .
The  underwriters have informed us that they do not intend sales to discretionary accounts to exceed 5%  of the total number of shares of Class A common stock offered by  them.
We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “ABNB.”
We  and all of our directors, executive officers, and certain other record  holders that together represent approximately     % of our outstanding  Class A common stock and securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A  common stock are subject to lock-up agreements with the underwriters or market standoff agreements with us for the  benefit of the underwriters agreeing that, without the prior written  consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC on behalf of the  underwriters, we and they will not, in accordance with the terms of such agreements, during the period ending on the later  of (i) the opening of trading on the second trading day  immediately following our public release of earnings for the second  quarter following the most recent period for which financial statements are included in this prospectus and  (ii) the 121
day after the date of this prospectus (assuming that as of such date we  have publicly released our earnings for the second quarter following the most recent  period for which financial statements are included in this prospectus)  (such period, the “restricted period”):
offer,  pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to  purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right, or warrant to purchase, lend,  make any short sale, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or  indirectly, any shares of our Class A common stock and securities  directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock;
enter into any swap, hedging transaction, or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our Class A common stock; or
publicly disclose the intention to take any of the actions restricted by clause (1) or (2) above;
whether  any such transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of  our Class A common stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. In addition to the above, an  additional approximately     % of our outstanding  Class A common stock and securities directly or indirectly convertible  into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock is subject to market standoff provisions applicable  to equity awards issued under our equity incentive plans that restrict  the holders of such securities from taking any of the actions with  respect to such securities described by clause (1) above during the restricted period. As a result of the  foregoing, an aggregate of approximately     % of  our outstanding Class A common stock and securities directly or  indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock is subject to a lock-up  agreement or market standoff provisions during the restricted period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
up  to 15% of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our  Class A common stock held by our current and former employees,  consultants, and contractors (but excluding current executive officers,  our Principal Accounting Officer, and directors including our founders, and any other person who is a party to  our Investors’ Rights Agreement) (the “Employee Stockholders”) may be  sold for a 7-trading day period beginning at the commencement of trading  on the first trading day on which our common stock is traded on Nasdaq, a period we  refer to as the “first release window.” For the purposes of the first  release window, the number of shares of Class A common stock and  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our  Class A common stock that each Employee Stockholder is permitted to  sell is based on the number of securities held by such person on  November 30, 2020, before giving effect to any sales to the underwriters in this offering, including all such  securities held by such persons for which all
vesting conditions, except a liquidity-based vesting condition, were met  as of November 30, 2020. We refer to the shares that may be sold  by Employee Stockholders during this first release window as the “first release window eligible shares;” and
up  to 25% of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our  Class A common stock held by Employee Stockholders or investors who  sell to the underwriters in this offering (excluding current executive  officers, our Principal Accounting Officer, and directors including our founders), plus, in the case of  Employee Stockholders, any first release window eligible shares held by  such person not sold during the first release window, may be sold  beginning at the opening of trading on the second trading day immediately following our public release of earnings  for the first quarter following the most recent period for which  financial statements are included in this prospectus (such release, our  “first post-public earnings release”), provided that the last reported closing price of our common  stock on Nasdaq is at least 33% greater than the initial public offering  price per share set forth on the cover page of this prospectus:
for any 10 trading days out of the
15-consecutive
full trading day period ending on the closing of the first full trading day  immediately following our first post-public offering earnings release;  and
at the closing of the first full trading day immediately following our first post-public offering earnings release;
further  provided, that no sales pursuant to this clause (B) will be  permitted until at least 60 days after the date of this prospectus. We refer to the period during which  sales may occur pursuant to this clause (B) as the “second release  window.” During the second release window, in addition to any first  release window eligible shares held by an Employee Stockholder not sold during the first release  window, the number of shares of Class A common stock and  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or  exercisable for our Class A common stock that each Employee Stockholder is permitted to sell is based on  the number of such securities held by such person on November 30,  2020, before giving effect to any sales to the underwriters in this  offering, plus any such securities held by such person that have vested between such date and February 25,  2021. See the section titled “Shares Eligible for Future Sale” for  information about the number of shares of our Class A common stock,  excluding shares sold in this offering, that may be eligible for sale during first release window and  the second release window.
No  person who has the right to require us to register shares of our Class A common stock or any securities directly  or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our  Class A common stock under the Securities Act may make any demand for,  or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of such securities before the 180
day after the date of this prospectus, other than with respect to certain registrations that we may initiate.
We  have a large number of equityholders and such equityholders have  acquired their interests over an extended period of time and pursuant to  a number of different agreements imposing market standoff provisions. Record  holders of approximately     % of our outstanding  Class A common stock and securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock (including our founders) are parties  to our Investors’ Rights Agreement (as defined elsewhere in this  prospectus) and are subject to the market standoff provisions described  above under the terms of that agreement. Securities issued pursuant to one of our equity incentive  plans are subject to our standard forms of option exercise agreements  and RSU agreements, which impose the market standoff provisions  applicable to equity awards described above. We have agreed to enforce all such market standoff
restrictions on behalf of the underwriters and not to amend or waive any  such market standoff provisions during the restricted period without  the prior consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC on behalf of the underwriters.
The  restrictions set forth above, including those that restrict hedging,  became effective for all persons subject to market standoff provisions pursuant to our Investors’ Rights  Agreement beginning on                , 2020. Restrictions with respect to other persons who entered into
lock-up
agreements with the underwriters became effective on the date such  agreements were signed. Securities issued pursuant to our equity  incentive plans to persons who are not parties to the Investors’ Rights Agreement or who have otherwise executed a lock-up agreement with  the underwriters are subject to the applicable market standoff  provisions beginning as of the effective date of the registration  statement of which this prospectus is a part.
The  restrictions on our executive officers, directors, and other record  holders set forth above are subject to certain exceptions, including  with respect to (i) the sale of our Class A common stock to the  underwriters pursuant to the underwriting agreement;  (ii) Class A common stock or any securities directly or  indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock acquired in this offering or in open  market transactions after the closing of this offering;  (iii) transfers of our Class A common stock or any securities  directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock as bona  fide gifts (including any pledge or similar commitment to donate such  securities or the proceeds from the sale of securities), by will, to an  immediate family member, or to certain trusts, provided that the transferee enters into a lock-up  agreement with the underwriters; (iv) distributions of our  Class A common stock or any securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock to another corporation, partnership,  limited liability company, trust, or other business entity that is an  affiliate, or to an investment fund or other entity controlled or  managed by an affiliate, or to the stockholders, current or former partners, members, beneficiaries, or  other equity holders, or to their estates, provided that the distributee  enters into a lock-up agreement with the underwriters; (v) the  exercise of options, settlement of RSUs, or other equity awards, or the exercise of warrants outstanding as  of the date of this prospectus and disclosed in this prospectus,  provided that any Class A common stock or any securities directly  or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock received  upon such exercise or settlement would be subject to the restrictions  set forth above; (vi) transfers of Class A common stock or any  securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A  common stock to us for the net exercise of options, settlement of RSUs  or warrants, or to cover tax withholding; (vii) the establishment  by such holders of trading plans under Rule
10b5-1
under the Exchange  Act, provided that such plans do not provide for the transfer of  Class A common stock or any securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock during the restricted  period (except as permitted by clause (x)); (viii) transfers of our  Class A common stock or any securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A common stock that occur by operation of  law pursuant to a qualified domestic order; (ix) the conversion of  our outstanding preferred stock, warrants to purchase preferred stock  into shares of our Class A common stock, or warrants to purchase our Class A common stock  prior to of in connection with this offering, or the conversion of  shares of any class of our common stock into Class A common stock,  provided that any such shares of Class A common stock or warrants received upon such conversion will  be subject to the restrictions set forth above; (x) in the case of  Employee Stockholders, sales in open market transactions (including  sales pursuant to a trading plan under Rule
10b5-1
under the  Exchange Act) during the restricted period to generate net proceeds up  to the total amount of taxes or estimated taxes that become due as a  result of the vesting or settlement of equity awards issued pursuant to a plan or arrangement described in this  prospectus that are scheduled to vest or settle immediately prior to or  during the restricted period;
(xi) transfers of our Class A common stock or any securities  directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable  for our Class A common stock in connection with a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation, or other  similar transaction involving a change of control that is approved by  our board of directors, provided that if such transaction is not  completed, all such securities would remain subject to the restrictions set forth above; (xii) transfers of our  Class A common stock or any securities directly or indirectly  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our Class A  common stock to us pursuant to any right to repurchase or any right of first refusal we may have over such  securities; and (xiii) the conversion of warrants to purchase  shares of Class A common stock that are outstanding as of the date  of this prospectus into Class A common stock prior to, or in connection with, this offering, provided that the  Class A common stock received upon such conversion is subject to  the restrictions set forth above.
Morgan  Stanley & Co. LLC, in its sole discretion, may release the  securities subject to the lock-up agreements with the underwriters or  the market standoff agreements with us described above in whole or in part  at any time. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC has agreed that in the  event it grants an early release or discretionary waiver of the above  restrictions with respect to any Class A common stock or any securities convertible into or  exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock  having an aggregate value in excess of $1.0 million to a  stockholder party to the Investors’ Rights Agreement, then it will provide a pro rata release or waiver to such  restrictions to each other stockholder party to the Investors’ Rights  Agreement.
Record  holders of our securities are typically the parties to the lock-up  agreements with the underwriters and the market standoff agreements with  us referred to above, while holders of beneficial interests in our shares  who are not also record holders in respect of such shares are not  typically subject to any such agreements or other similar restrictions.  Accordingly, we believe that holders of beneficial interests who are not record holders and are not bound by  market standoff or lock-up agreements could enter into transactions with  respect to those beneficial interests that negatively impact our stock  price. In addition, an equityholder who is neither subject to a market standoff agreement with us nor a  lock-up agreement with the underwriters may be able to sell, short sell,  transfer, hedge, pledge, or otherwise dispose of or attempt to sell,  short sell, transfer, hedge, pledge, or otherwise dispose of their equity interests at any time.
In  order to facilitate the offering of the Class A common stock, the  underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect  the price of the Class A common stock. Specifically, the  underwriters may sell more shares than they are obligated to purchase  under the underwriting agreement, creating a short position. A short sale is covered if the short position is no  greater than the number of shares available for purchase by the  underwriters under the option to purchase additional shares. The  underwriters can close out a covered short sale by exercising the option to purchase additional shares or purchasing shares  in the open market. In determining the source of shares to close out a  covered short sale, the underwriters will consider, among other things,  the open market price of shares compared to the price available under the option to purchase additional  shares. The underwriters may also sell shares in excess of the option to  purchase additional shares, creating a naked short position. The  underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short  position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned  that there may be downward pressure on the price of the Class A  common stock in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this  offering. As an additional means of facilitating this offering, the  underwriters may bid for, and purchase, shares of Class A common  stock in the open market to stabilize the price of the Class A common stock. These activities may raise or  maintain the market price of the Class A common stock above  independent market levels or prevent or retard a decline in the market  price
of the Class A common stock. The underwriters are not required to  engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any  time.
We,  the selling stockholders, and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify  each other against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
A  prospectus in electronic format may be made available on websites  maintained by one or more underwriters, or selling group members, if any, participating in this offering. The representatives may  agree to allocate a number of shares of Class A common stock to  underwriters for sale to their online brokerage account holders.  Internet distributions will be allocated by the representatives to underwriters that may make Internet  distributions on the same basis as other allocations.
The  underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in  various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial  and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management,  investment research, principal investment, hedging. financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the  underwriters and their respective affiliates have, from time to time,  performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory and  investment banking services for us, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses.  Certain of the underwriters or their respective affiliates were lenders  under our Credit Facility and served as financial advisors to us in  connection with our First Lien Loan and Second Lien Loan.
In  addition, in the ordinary course of their various business activities,  the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt  and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial  instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the  accounts of their customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and  instruments. Such investment and securities activities may involve our  securities and instruments. The underwriters and their respective  affiliates may also make investment recommendations or publish or express independent research views in  respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or  recommend to clients that they acquire, long or short positions in such  securities and instruments.
Pricing of the Offering
Prior  to this offering, there has been no public market for our Class A common  stock. The initial public offering price was determined by negotiations  between us and the representatives. Among the factors considered in  determining the initial public offering price were our future prospects and those of our industry in general,  our sales, earnings and certain other financial and operating  information in recent periods, and the price-earnings ratios,  price-sales ratios, market prices of securities, and certain financial and operating information of companies engaged in  activities similar to ours.
Directed Share Program
At  our request, the underwriters have reserved up to                shares of Class A common stock, or     % of the shares offered by this  prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a  directed share program to:
eligible U.S. hosts who hosted on our platform in 2019 or 2020; and
certain individuals identified by our officers and directors.
Hosts  who reside in the United States and had, by November 1, 2020,  accepted a reservation that began, or was scheduled to begin, in 2019 or  2020 are potentially eligible for the program. Airbnb employees are
not eligible. If demand for the program exceeds capacity, we may invite  hosts to participate based on tenure, as determined by the year they  first hosted on Airbnb.
If  purchased by these persons, these shares will be subject to the terms  of any lock-up agreements, except in the case of shares purchased by  hosts, which will not be subject to the terms of any lock-up agreements.
The  number of shares of Class A common stock available for sale to the  general public will be reduced to the extent that such persons purchase such  reserved shares. Any reserved shares not so purchased will be offered by  the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other  shares offered by this prospectus. Other than the underwriting discount described on the front cover of  this prospectus, the underwriters will not be entitled to any commission  with respect to shares of Class A common stock sold pursuant to the  directed share program. We will agree to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities and expenses,  including liabilities under the Securities Act, in connection with sales  of the shares reserved for the directed share program. Morgan Stanley  & Co. LLC will administer our directed share program.
Selling Restrictions
Australia
No  placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement, or other disclosure document  has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments  Commission (the “ASIC”) in relation to this offering. This prospectus  does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement, or other disclosure document under the  Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”) and does not purport to  include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure  statement, or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
Any  offer in Australia of our Class A common stock may only be made to  persons, or Exempt Investors, who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of  section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors”  (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act), or  otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so  that it is lawful to offer our Class A common stock without  disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
The  Class A common stock applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia  must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of twelve months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances  where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act  would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the  Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with  Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring securities  must observe such Australian
on-sale
restrictions.
This  prospectus contains general information only and does not take account  of the investment objectives, financial situation, or particular needs  of any particular person. It does not contain any securities  recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment  decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this  prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on  those matters.
Bermuda
The  shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus may be  offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Investment Business Act of 2003 of Bermuda which regulates the sale of  securities in Bermuda. Additionally,
non-Bermudian
persons (including companies) may not carry on
or engage in any trade or business in Bermuda unless such persons are permitted to do so under applicable Bermuda legislation.
Brazil
No  securities may be offered or sold in Brazil, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering  or unauthorized distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The  securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Comissão  de Valores Mobiliários.
British Virgin Islands
The  shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus are not  being, and may not be offered to the public or to any person in the  British Virgin Islands for purchase or subscription by or on our behalf. The  shares may be offered to companies incorporated under the BVI Business  Companies Act, 2004 (British Virgin Islands) (each a “BVI Company”), but  only where the offer will be made to, and received by, the relevant BVI Company entirely outside  of the British Virgin Islands.
This  prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered with the Financial Services Commission of the British  Virgin Islands. No registered prospectus has been or will be prepared in  respect of the shares for the purposes of the Securities and Investment  Business Act, 2010 or the Public Issuers Code of the British Virgin Islands.
Canada
The  shares of Class A common stock may be sold only to purchasers  purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument
45-106
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act  (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument
31-103
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant  Obligations. Any resale of the shares of Class A common stock must  be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities  legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this  prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a  misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages  are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or  territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of  the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for  particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a
non-Canadian
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument
33-105
Underwriting Conflicts (NI
33-105),
the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI
33-105
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Chile
The  shares of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus are not registered  in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or subject to the  control of the Chilean Securities and Exchange Commission  (Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This prospectus supplement and other offering materials relating to the  offer of the shares do not constitute a public offer of, or an  invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the shares in the Republic of  Chile, other than to individually identified purchasers pursuant to a private offering within the meaning  of Article 4 of the Chilean Securities Market Act (Ley de Mercado de  Valores) (an offer that is not “addressed to the public at large or to a  certain sector or specific group of the public”).
China
This  prospectus does not constitute a public offer of shares, whether by  sale or subscription, in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The shares are not being offered or sold directly or indirectly  in the PRC to or for the benefit of, legal or natural persons of the  PRC.
Further,  no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly  purchase any of the shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus or any beneficial interest therein without obtaining all  prior PRC’s governmental approvals that are required, whether  statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this  document are required by the issuer and its representatives to observe these restrictions.
Dubai International Financial Centre
This  prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered  Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of  a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must  not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no  responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers.  The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the  information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the  prospectus. The Class A common stock to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid or subject to  restrictions on its resale. Prospective purchasers of the Class A  common stock offered should conduct their own due diligence on the  Class A common stock. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an  authorized financial advisor.
European Economic Area and United Kingdom
In  relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the  United Kingdom (each, a “Relevant State”), each underwriter has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not  make an offer of any of the shares of Class A common stock offered  by this prospectus to the public in that Relevant State, except that it  may make an offer of any Shares to the public in that Relevant State at any time under the following  exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
to any legal entity which is a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided  that no such offer of shares of our Class A common stock will  result in a requirement for us or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus  Regulation or a supplemental prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the  Prospectus Regulation.
For  the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public”  in relation to the shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus in any Relevant State means the communication in any  form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the  offer and any shares of our Class A common stock to be offered so  as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any of the shares of Class A common stock  offered by this prospectus and the expression “Prospectus Regulation”  means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
France
Neither  this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the shares  described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or of the competent  authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and  notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The shares have not  been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the  public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering  material relating to the shares has been or will be (1) released,  issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or  (2) used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of  the shares to the public in France.
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
to qualified investors (investisseurs estraint) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle estraint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles
L.411-2,
D.411-1,
D.411-2,
D.734-1,
D.744-1,
D.754-1
D.764-1
of the French Code monétaire et financier;
to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
in a transaction that, in accordance with article
L.411-2-II-1°
-or-2°
3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article
211-2
of  the General Regulations (Réglement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés  Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public á l’épargne).
The shares may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with articles
L.411-1,
L.411-2,
L412-1
L.621-8
through
L.621-8-3
of the French Code monétaire et financier.
Hong Kong
Shares  of our Class A common stock may not be offered or sold by means of  any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies  Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), (ii) to “professional investors”  within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571,  Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not  result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the  Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), and no advertisement,  invitation, or document relating to shares of our Class A common stock may be issued or may  be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each  case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the  contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do  so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to shares of our  Class A common stock which are or are intended to be disposed of  only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities  and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made  thereunder.
Japan
No  registration pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law  of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended), or the FIEL, has been  made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application  for the acquisition of the shares of Class A common stock.
Accordingly, the shares of Class A common stock have not been, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including  any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or  to others for
re-offering
re-sale,
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any  resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and the other  applicable laws and regulations of Japan.
For Qualified Institutional Investors (“QII”)
Please  note that the solicitation for newly-issued or secondary securities  (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of Class A common  stock constitutes either a “QII only private placement” or a “QII only  secondary distribution” (each as described in Paragraph 1, Article
23-13
of the FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is  otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been  made in relation to the shares of Class A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock may only be transferred to QIIs.
Non-QII
Investors
Please  note that the solicitation for newly-issued or secondary securities  (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of Class A common stock constitutes either a “small  number private placement” or a “small number private secondary  distribution” (each as is described in Paragraph 4, Article
23-13
of the FIEL). Disclosure  regarding any such solicitation, as is otherwise prescribed in Paragraph  1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been made in relation to the shares  of Class A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock may only be transferred en bloc  without subdivision to a single investor.
Korea
The  shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus have not  been and will not be registered under the Financial Investments  Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and the decrees and regulations  thereunder (the “FSCMA”), and the shares have been and will be offered  in Korea as a private placement under the FSCMA. None of the shares may  be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for
re-offering
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea  except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea  and the decrees and regulations thereunder (the “FETL”). Furthermore,  the purchaser of the shares will comply with all applicable regulatory  requirements (including but not limited to requirements under the FETL) in connection with the  purchase of the shares. By the purchase of the shares, the relevant  holder thereof will be deemed to represent and warrant that if it is in  Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the shares pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of  Korea.
Kuwait
Unless  all necessary approvals from the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority  pursuant to Law No. 7/2010, its Executive Regulations, and the  various Resolutions and Announcements issued pursuant thereto or in connection  therewith have been given in relation to the marketing of and sale of  the Shares, these may not be offered for sale, nor sold in the State of  Kuwait (“Kuwait”). Neither this prospectus nor any of the information contained herein is intended  to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within  Kuwait. With regard to the contents of this document we recommend that  you consult a licensee as per the law and specialized in giving advice about the purchase of shares and  other securities before making the subscription decision.
Malaysia
No  prospectus or other offering material or document in connection with  the offer and sale of the shares of Class A common stock offered by  this prospectus has been or will be registered with the Securities Commission  of Malaysia (“Commission”) for the Commission’s approval pursuant to  the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007. Accordingly, this prospectus  and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation  for subscription or purchase, of the shares may not be circulated or  distributed, nor may the shares be offered or sold, or be made the  subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in  Malaysia other than (i) a closed end fund approved by the  Commission; (ii) a holder of a Capital Markets Services License;  (iii) a person who acquires the shares, as principal, if the offer is on terms that the shares may only be  acquired at a consideration of not less than RM250,000 (or its  equivalent in foreign currencies) for each transaction; (iv) an  individual whose total net personal assets or total net joint assets with his or her spouse exceeds RM3 million  (or its equivalent in foreign currencies), excluding the value of the  primary residence of the individual; (v) an individual who has a  gross annual income exceeding RM300,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies) per annum in the  preceding twelve months; (vi) an individual who, jointly with his  or her spouse, has a gross annual income of RM400,000 (or its equivalent  in foreign currencies), per annum in the preceding twelve months; (vii) a corporation with total net  assets exceeding RM10 million (or its equivalent in a foreign  currencies) based on the last audited accounts; (viii) a  partnership with total net assets exceeding RM10 million (or its equivalent in foreign currencies); (ix) a bank  licensee or insurance licensee as defined in the Labuan Financial  Services and Securities Act 2010; (x) an Islamic bank licensee or  takaful licensee as defined in the Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010; and (xi) any other  person as may be specified by the Commission; provided that, in the each  of the preceding categories (i) to (xi), the distribution of the  shares is made by a holder of a Capital Markets Services License who carries on the business of dealing  in securities. The distribution in Malaysia of this prospectus is  subject to Malaysian laws. This prospectus does not constitute and may  not be used for the purpose of public offering or an issue, offer for subscription or purchase, invitation to  subscribe for or purchase any securities requiring the registration of a  prospectus with the Commission under the Capital Markets and Services  Act 2007.
Saudi Arabia
This  document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons  as are permitted under the Offers of Securities Regulations as issued  by the board of the Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority (“CMA”)  pursuant to resolution number
2-11-2004
dated 4 October 2004 as amended by resolution number
1-28-2008,
as amended. The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or  completeness of this document and expressly disclaims any liability  whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any  part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct their own due  diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the  securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document, you  should consult an authorized financial adviser.
Singapore
This prospectus  has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of  Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or  material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for  subscription or purchase, of shares of our Class A common stock may not be circulated or distributed,  nor may the shares of our Class A common stock be offered or sold,  or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase,  whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor  under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of  Singapore (the “SFA”) (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant  to Section 275(1A), and in
accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the  SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the  conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where  shares of our Class A common stock are subscribed or purchased  under Section 275 by a relevant person which is: (i) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of  which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is  owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited  investor; or (ii) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold  investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, shares,  debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the  beneficiaries’ rights and interest in that trust will not be transferable for six months after that  corporation or that trust has acquired shares of our Class A common  stock under Section 275 except: (i) to an institutional  investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A),  and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of  the SFA; (ii) where no consideration is given for the transfer; or  (iii) by operation of law.
South Africa
Due  to restrictions under the securities laws of South Africa, the shares are  not offered, and the offer will not be transferred, sold, renounced or  delivered, in South Africa or to a person with an address in South  Africa, unless one or other of the following exemptions applies:
the offer, transfer, sale, renunciation or delivery is to:
persons whose ordinary business is to deal in securities, as principal or agent;
(ii)
the South African Public Investment Corporation;
(iii)
persons or entities regulated by the Reverse Bank of South Africa;
(iv)
authorized financial service providers under South African law;
financial institutions recognized as such under South African law;
(vi)
a  wholly-owned subsidiary of any person or entity contemplated in (iii),  (iv) or (v), acting as agent in the capacity of an authorized portfolio manager for a pension fund or  collective investment scheme (in each case duly registered as such under  South African law); or
(vii)
any combination of the person in (i) to (vi); or
the total contemplated acquisition cost of the securities, for any single addressee acting as principal is equal to or greater than ZAR1,000,000.
No “offer to the public” (as such term is defined in the South African Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 (as amended or
re-enacted)
(the “South African Companies Act”)) in South Africa is being made in  connection with the issue of the shares. Accordingly, this document does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a “registered prospectus”  (as that term is defined in the South African Companies Act) prepared  and registered under the South African Companies Act and has not been  approved by, and/or filed with, the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission  or any other regulatory authority in South Africa. Any issue or offering  of the shares in South Africa constitutes an offer of the shares in  South Africa for subscription or sale in South Africa only to persons who fall within the exemption from  “offers to the public” set out in Section 96(1)(a) of the South  African Companies Act. Accordingly, this document must not be acted on  or relied on by persons in South Africa who do not fall within Section 96(1)(a) of the South African  Companies Act (such persons being referred to as “SA Relevant  Persons”). Any investment or
investment activity to which this document relates is available in South  Africa only to SA Relevant Persons and will be engaged in South Africa  only with SA Relevant Persons.
Switzerland
We  have not and will not register with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (the  “FINMA”) as a foreign collective investment scheme pursuant to Article  119 of the Federal Act on Collective Investment Scheme of 23 June  2006, as amended (CISA) and accordingly the securities being offered pursuant to this prospectus  have not and will not be approved, and may not be licensable, with  FINMA. Therefore, the securities have not been authorized for  distribution by FINMA as a foreign collective investment scheme pursuant to Article 119 CISA and the securities  offered hereby may not be offered to the public (as this term is defined  in Article 3 CISA) in or from Switzerland. The securities may solely be  offered to “qualified investors,” as this term is defined in Article 10 CISA, and in the  circumstances set out in Article 3 of the Ordinance on Collective  Investment Scheme of 22 November 2006, as amended (the “CISO”) such  that there is no public offer. Investors, however, do not benefit from protection under CISA or  CISO or supervision by FINMA. This prospectus and any other materials  relating to the securities are strictly personal and confidential to  each offeree and do not constitute an offer to any other person. This prospectus may only be used by those  qualified investors to whom it has been handed out in connection with  the offer described herein and may neither directly or indirectly be  distributed or made available to any person or entity other than its recipients. It may not be used in  connection with any other offer and will in particular not be copied or  distributed to the public in Switzerland or from Switzerland. This  prospectus does not constitute an issue prospectus as that term is understood pursuant to Article 652a or 1156  of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations. We have not applied for a  listing of the securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other  regulated securities market in Switzerland, and consequently, the information presented in this prospectus does not  necessarily comply with the information standards set out in the listing  rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange and corresponding prospectus schemes  annexed to the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange.
Taiwan
The  shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus have not  been and will not be registered with the Financial Supervisory  Commission of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations and may  not be sold, issued or offered within Taiwan through a public offering  or in circumstances which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the  Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a registration or approval of the Financial  Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. No person or entity in Taiwan has been  authorized to offer, sell, give advice regarding or otherwise  intermediate the offering and sale of the shares in Taiwan.
United Arab Emirates
The  shares of Class A common stock offered by this prospectus have not  been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised  in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial  Centre) other than in compliance with the laws of the United Arab  Emirates (and the Dubai International Financial Centre) governing the  issue, offering and sale of securities. Further, this prospectus does not constitute a public offer of  securities in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai  International Financial Centre) and is not intended to be a public  offer. This prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities and  Commodities Authority or the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
United Kingdom
Each underwriter has represented and agreed that:
it  has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only  communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment  activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial  Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) received by it in  connection with the issue or sale of the shares of our Class A common stock in circumstances in which  Section 21(1) of the FSMA is complied with or does not apply; and
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the shares of our Class A common stock in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Legal Matters
The  validity of the shares of Class A common stock offered hereby will  be passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins LLP, Menlo Park, California. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, Palo Alto,  California, has acted as counsel for the underwriters in connection with  certain legal matters related to this offering.
Experts
The financial  statements as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and for the years  ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 included in this prospectus  have been so included in reliance on the report of  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”), an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the  authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
In  connection with this offering, PwC completed an independence assessment  to evaluate the services and relationships with the Company and its affiliates that may bear on PwC’s independence under the SEC and the  PCAOB (United States) independence rules for an audit period commencing  January 1, 2017. A relationship, described below, was found to  exist within the audit period, which is not in accordance with the auditor independence standards of
Regulation S-X
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.
Commencing  in September 2017 and continuing through December 2018, an employee of a  member firm within PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited (“PwC member firm”)  performed permissible tax consulting services for a subsidiary of  Airbnb, Inc. During the same period, the PwC member firm employee’s  spouse was in an accounting role at the subsidiary.
PwC  noted the PwC member firm employee did not participate in the audits of  the Company’s financial statements and the tax consulting services were unrelated to the audits.  The filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a  part necessitates compliance with the SEC’s and PCAOB’s auditor  independence rules. After consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances, management, our  Audit Committee, and PwC have concluded that PwC is capable of  exercising objective and impartial judgment in connection with their  audits of the Company’s financial statements for each of the years ended December  31, 2017 and 2018 and that no reasonable investor would conclude  otherwise.
Where You Can Find Additional Information
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form
S-1,
including exhibits and schedules, under the Securities Act, with respect to the shares of Class A  common stock being offered by this prospectus. This prospectus, which  constitutes part of the registration statement, does not contain all of  the information in the registration statement and its exhibits. For further information with respect to us  and our Class A common stock, we refer you to the registration  statement and its exhibits. Statements contained in this prospectus as  to the contents of any contract or any other document referred to are not necessarily complete, and in each  instance, we refer you to the copy of the contract or other document  filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. Each of these  statements is qualified in all respects by this reference.
You  may read our SEC filings, including this registration statement, over  the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Upon the completion of this offering, we  will be subject to the information reporting requirements of the  Exchange Act and we will file reports, proxy statements, and other  information with the SEC. These reports, proxy statements, and other information will be available for review at  the SEC’s website referred to above. We also maintain a website at  www.airbnb.com, at which, following the completion of this offering, you  may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are  electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information  contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not  constitute part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference  only. Investors should not rely on any such information in deciding  whether to purchase our Class A common stock.
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
F-10
Financial Statement Schedule
Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
F-74
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Airbnb, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We  have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Airbnb,  Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of  comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred stock and  stockholders’ deficit, and of cash flows for each of the three years in  the period ended December 31, 2019, including the related notes and financial  statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively  referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion,  the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial  position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the  results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years  in the period ended December 31, 2019 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the  United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As  discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the  Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s  management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s  consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public  accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United  States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the  Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the  applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We  conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in  accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform  the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to  error or fraud.
Our  audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material  misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to  error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such  procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the  amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our  audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,  as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable  basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Francisco, California
March 3,  2020, except for the effects of disclosing net loss per share  information discussed in Notes 2 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the segment information discussed in  Notes 2 and 18, and the financial statement schedule, as to which the  date is August 19, 2020, and except for the effects of the stock split  discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is  October 26, 2020
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2011.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in thousands, except share and per share data)
As of December 31,
As of September
30, 2020
Pro Forma as of
September 30,
2020
2018
2019
(unaudited)
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
2,140,877
2,013,547
2,664,390
Marketable securities
1,188,431
1,060,726
1,830,821
Restricted cash
55,628
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
2,305,011
3,145,457
2,354,450
Prepaids and other current assets (including customer receivables of $80,755, $129,474, and $184,838, net of allowance of $25,966, $51,311, and $76,171, respectively)
240,213
341,598
306,919
Total current assets
5,874,532
6,561,443
7,212,208
Property and equipment, net
309,408
301,273
261,232
Operating lease
right-of-use
assets
385,594
354,461
Intangible assets, net
28,756
102,912
74,567
Goodwill
289,861
652,088
653,766
Other assets, noncurrent
110,532
306,809
172,245
Total assets
6,613,089
8,310,119
8,728,479
Liabilities, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
70,630
151,417
45,972
Operating lease liabilities, current
38,022
62,711
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
864,130
1,224,080
1,461,151
Funds payable and amounts payable to customers
2,305,011
3,145,457
2,354,450
Unearned fees
496,239
674,788
459,772
Total current liabilities
3,736,010
5,233,764
4,384,056
Long-term debt, net of current portion
1,811,302
Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent
381,374
380,079
Other liabilities, noncurrent
162,885
271,164
297,824
Total liabilities
3,898,895
5,886,302
6,873,261
Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)
Redeemable  convertible preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 247,217,042 shares authorized as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30,  2020 (unaudited); 239,623,894 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited);  aggregate liquidation preference of $3,250,665 as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30,  2020 (unaudited); no shares issued and outstanding as of  September 30, 2020, pro forma (unaudited)
3,231,502
3,231,502
3,231,502
Stockholders’ equity (deficit):
Common  stock, $0.0001 par value, 710,000,000 shares of Class A common stock authorized as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and  September 30, 2020 (unaudited); 11,514,764, 16,284,068, and  17,455,568 shares of Class A common stock issued and  outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), respectively;          shares of Class A  common stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020, pro  forma (unaudited); 710,000,000 shares of Class B common stock authorized as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and  September 30, 2020 (unaudited); 246,577,028, 247,530,250, and  249,978,646 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding  as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), respectively;          shares of Class B  common stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020, pro  forma (unaudited)
Additional
paid-in
capital
259,466
617,690
744,413
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
(7,912
(4,410
(2,867
Accumulated deficit
(768,888
(1,420,991
(2,117,856
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)
(517,308
(807,685
(1,376,284
Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ equity (deficit)
6,613,089
8,310,119
8,728,479
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Revenue
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
647,690
864,032
1,196,313
902,695
666,295
Operations and support
395,739
609,202
815,074
600,788
548,369
Product development
400,749
579,193
976,695
693,796
690,677
Sales and marketing
871,749
1,101,327
1,621,519
1,184,506
545,510
General and administrative
327,156
479,487
697,181
490,262
421,082
Restructuring charges
136,969
Total costs and expenses
2,643,083
3,633,241
5,306,782
3,872,047
3,008,902
Income (loss) from operations
(81,362
18,744
(501,543
(173,604
(489,967
Interest income
32,102
66,793
85,902
68,661
23,830
Interest expense
(16,403
(26,143
(9,968
(6,801
(107,548
Other income (expense), net
6,564
(12,361
13,906
42,130
(115,751
Income (loss) before income taxes
(59,099
47,033
(411,703
(69,614
(689,436
Provision for income taxes
10,947
63,893
262,636
253,187
7,429
Net loss
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
(0.27
(0.07
(2.59
(1.24
(2.64
Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
255,006
256,326
260,556
259,946
263,726
Pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted (unaudited)
Weighted-average shares used in computing pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted (unaudited)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Net loss
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Net unrealized gain (loss) on
available-for-sale
marketable securities, net of tax
(3,009
1,493
1,855
2,935
Foreign currency translation adjustments
3,104
(6,747
2,009
(1,804
(1,392
Other comprehensive income (loss)
3,921
(9,756
3,502
1,543
Comprehensive loss
(66,125
(26,616
(670,837
(322,750
(695,322
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit
(in thousands, except share data)
Redeemable
Convertible Preferred
Stock
Common Stock
Additional
Paid-In
Capital
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)
Accumulated
Deficit
Total
Stockholders’
Deficit
Shares
Amount
Shares
Amount
Balances as of December 31, 2016
238,671,514
3,181,637
253,386,696
64,492
(2,077
(682,945
(620,504)
Net loss
(70,046
(70,046)
Cumulative effect from adoption of ASU
2016-16
(897
(897)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
3,104
3,104
Net unrealized gain on marketable securities
Issuance of Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs
952,380
49,865
Issuance of common stock for acquisition of businesses
1,538,754
81,087
81,087
Exercise of common stock options
534,914
1,007
1,007
Exercise of common stock warrants
15,576
Restricted stock issued with compensation arrangements
1,236,788
Stock-based compensation
38,357
38,357
Balances as of December 31, 2017
239,623,894
3,231,502
256,712,728
184,943
1,844
(753,888
(567,075)
Net loss
(16,860
(16,860)
Cumulative effect from adoption of ASU
2016-01
(1,860
1,860
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(6,747
(6,747)
Net unrealized loss on marketable securities
(1,149
(1,149)
Issuance of common stock for acquisition of businesses
76,578
4,587
4,587
Exercise of common stock options
1,142,018
16,043
16,043
Exercise of common stock warrants
68,572
Restricted stock issued with compensation arrangements
91,896
Stock-based compensation
53,893
53,893
Balances as of December 31, 2018
239,623,894
3,231,502
258,091,792
259,466
(7,912
(768,888
(517,308)
Net loss
(674,339
(674,339)
Cumulative effect from adoption of ASU
2016-02
22,236
22,236
Foreign currency translation adjustments
2,009
2,009
Net unrealized gain on marketable securities
1,493
1,493
Issuance of common stock for vesting of restricted stock units
Issuance of common stock for acquisition of businesses
4,307,302
240,687
240,687
Exercise of common stock options
898,088
5,873
5,873
Exercise of common stock warrant
144,986
Restricted stock issued with compensation arrangements
371,650
Reclassification of derivative warrant liability to equity
14,117
14,117
Stock-based compensation
97,547
97,547
Balances as of December 31, 2019
239,623,894
3,231,502
263,814,318
617,690
(4,410
(1,420,991
(807,685)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit
(in thousands, except share data)
Redeemable
Convertible
Preferred Stock
Common Stock
Additional
Paid-In
Capital
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)
Accumulated
Deficit
Total
Stockholders’
Deficit
Shares
Amount
Shares
Amount
Balances as of December 31, 2018
239,623,894
$3,231,502
258,091,792
$259,466
$(7,912)
$(768,888)
$(517,308)
Net loss (unaudited)
(322,801)
(322,801)
Cumulative effect from adoption of ASU
2016-02
(unaudited)
22,236
22,236
Foreign currency translation adjustments (unaudited)
(1,804)
(1,804)
Net unrealized gain on marketable securities (unaudited)
1,855
1,855
Issuance of common stock for acquisition of businesses (unaudited)
4,307,302
240,687
240,687
Exercise of common stock options (unaudited)
813,442
5,690
5,690
Exercise of common stock warrants (unaudited)
144,986
Restricted stock issued with compensation arrangements (unaudited)
371,650
Stock-based compensation (unaudited)
72,310
72,310
Balances as of September 30, 2019 (unaudited)
239,623,894
$3,231,502
263,729,172
$578,153
$(7,861)
$(1,069,453)
$(499,135)
Balances as of December 31, 2019
239,623,894
$3,231,502
263,814,318
$617,690
$(4,410)
$(1,420,991)
$(807,685)
Net loss (unaudited)
(696,865)
(696,865)
Foreign currency translation adjustments (unaudited)
(1,392)
(1,392)
Net unrealized gain on marketable securities (unaudited)
2,935
2,935
Capital contribution from founders (unaudited)
14,615
14,615
Cancellation of restricted stock awards (unaudited)
(21,060)
Issuance of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes (unaudited)
137,352
(2,079)
(2,079)
Exercise of common stock options (unaudited)
3,265,848
5,411
5,411
Exercise of common stock warrants (unaudited)
237,756
Stock-based compensation (unaudited)
108,776
108,776
Balances as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)
239,623,894
$3,231,502
267,434,214
$744,413
$(2,867)
$(2,117,856)
$(1,376,284)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net loss
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
79,342
82,401
114,162
76,332
93,438
Bad debt expense
30,876
49,028
77,053
47,865
85,531
Stock-based compensation expense
38,357
53,893
97,547
72,310
108,776
Deferred income taxes
(4,180
(5,017
(5,627
(5,277
Impairment of investments
27,751
82,125
(Gain) loss on investments, net
(38,472)
(29,133)
26,969
(Gain) loss on warrants, net
(218)
3,473
(286)
41,160
Amortization (accretion) of premium (discount) on marketable securities, net
(1,011
2,687
(2,043
(1,111
Noncash interest (income) expense, net
2,547
(6,358
4,153
3,383
17,365
Foreign exchange (gain) loss
(11,025
5,964
2,927
(8,346)
(63,177)
Impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets
25,271
Other, net
3,381
5,317
(481
2,397
(6,491
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
Prepaids and other assets
(138,758
(102,808
(186,445
(155,638
(816
Operating lease
right-of-use
assets
49,126
32,127
5,665
Accounts payable
11,758
29,837
75,716
19,215
(106,139)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
174,808
348,105
547,654
547,531
90,208
Operating lease liabilities
(41,923
(27,107
20,484
Unearned fees
135,394
145,895
176,254
166,948
(215,072)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
251,225
595,557
222,727
419,101
(490,622)
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of property and equipment
(100,204
(90,624
(125,452
(99,278
(29,489
Purchases of marketable securities
(1,040,246
(1,270,578
(1,016,155
(561,657
(1,999,663
Sales of marketable securities
472,850
555,161
609,438
535,875
206,667
Maturities of marketable securities
55,305
201,310
551,647
394,396
1,005,881
Payments for equity investments in privately-held companies
(4,000
(28,850
(208,182
(160,974
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
(172,649
(31,300
(192,116
(192,116
Other, net
(3,290
33,665
33,665
Net cash used in investing activities
(788,944
(668,171
(347,155
(50,089
(816,104
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and warrants, net of issuance costs
1,928,880
Principal repayment of long-term debt
(2,500)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options
1,007
16,043
5,873
5,690
5,411
Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs
49,865
Proceeds from tenant improvement allowance under
build-to-suit
leases
4,844
6,886
Change in funds payable and amounts payable to customers
617,238
117,587
848,706
678,508
(769,029)
Other, net
11,445
Net cash provided by financing activities
672,954
140,516
854,579
684,198
1,174,207
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
227,172
(158,919
(25,284
(77,021
35,210
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
362,407
(91,017
704,867
976,189
(97,309
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year
4,167,186
4,529,593
4,438,576
4,438,576
5,143,443
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year
4,529,593
4,438,576
5,143,443
5,414,765
5,046,134
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds
8,740
44,620
28,192
15,114
10,453
Cash paid for interest
13,768
21,151
5,178
2,960
77,576
Noncash investing and financing activities:
Common stock and stock awards issued for acquisitions
81,087
4,587
240,687
240,687
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Description of Business
Airbnb, Inc.  (the “Company” or “Airbnb”) was incorporated in Delaware in  June 2008 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. The Company operates a global platform  for unique stays and experiences. The Company’s marketplace model  connects hosts and guests (collectively referred to as “customers”)  online or through mobile devices to book spaces and experiences around the world.
Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying  consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with  generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of  America (“U.S. GAAP”) and include accounts of the Company and its  wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been  eliminated in consolidation.
Stock Split
On  October 26, 2020, the Company effected a two-for-one stock split of its  common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock. All share and  per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock  split for all periods presented.
Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Information
The  accompanying interim consolidated balance sheet as of September 30,  2020 and the interim consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows, and redeemable convertible preferred  stock and stockholders’ deficit for the nine months ended September 30,  2019 and 2020 and the related notes to such interim consolidated  financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements are presented  in accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and  Exchange Commission and do not include all disclosures normally required  in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In management’s  opinion, the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have  been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and  reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair  statement of the Company’s financial position as of September 30, 2020  and the Company’s consolidated results of operations and cash flows for  the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020. The results of operations for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be  expected for the full year or any other future interim or annual period.
Reclassifications (Unaudited)
Certain reclassifications  have been made to the prior years’ consolidated financial statements to  conform to the current period’s presentation. These reclassifications  had no impact on net loss, stockholders’ deficit, or cash flows as previously reported.
COVID-19 Pandemic (Unaudited)
In  December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) was  reported and in March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has
F-10
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
forced international, federal, state, and local governments to enforce prohibitions of non-essential activities.
The  Company first saw the impact of COVID-19 in China in the last week of  January, which when contained to China, had a minor impact on the entire business. The outbreak spread throughout Asia, and then through Europe,  North America, and the rest of the world by the end of the first quarter  of 2020. Since then, the Company has experienced a significant decline  in revenue resulting from a decrease in bookings and an increase in cancellations. The extent and  duration of the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the Company over the  longer term remain uncertain and dependent on future developments that  cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of COVID-19, the extent  and effectiveness of containment actions taken, including mobility  restrictions, the timing, availability, and effectiveness of vaccines,  and the impact of these and other factors on travel behavior in general and on the Company’s business.
As  a result, the Company has taken a number of actions in response to the significant decrease in bookings and the adverse impacts on its  revenue, operating results, and financial condition as described in Note  11,
Debt,
Note 13,
Commitments and Contingencies,
and Note 19,
Restructuring (Unaudited)
As  the impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve, estimates and assumptions  about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty and therefore require increased judgment.  These estimates and assumptions may change in future periods and will be  recognized in the consolidated financial statements as new events occur  and additional information becomes known. To the extent the Company’s actual results differ materially from  those estimates and assumptions, the Company’s future financial  statements could be affected.
Unaudited Pro Forma Information
Unaudited Pro Forma Balance Sheet
The unaudited  pro forma balance sheet as of September 30, 2020 reflects the automatic  conversion of all shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock  outstanding into an aggregate of 240,910,588 shares of the  Company’s Class B common stock, which includes 1,286,694 additional shares of Class B  common stock to be issued upon conversion of the Series C redeemable  convertible preferred stock as discussed in Note 12,
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit
, as if such conversion had occurred on September 30, 2020.
The  Company granted to certain employees and nonemployees restricted stock units (“RSUs”) that vest upon the  satisfaction of both service-based and liquidity-event performance-based  vesting conditions. The service-based vesting condition for these  awards is generally satisfied over four years. The liquidity-event performance-based vesting condition is  satisfied upon (i) the occurrence of the effective date of an initial  public offering of the Company’s securities (“IPO”) or (ii) a change in  control of the Company as defined in the Company’s equity incentive plans. If the RSUs  vest, the Company will deliver one share of Class A common stock  for each vested RSU on the applicable settlement date. In November 2019,  the Company also began granting to employees and nonemployees RSUs that vest only upon the  satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition.
F-11
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For  RSUs granted with a liquidity-event performance-based vesting  condition, in the period in which the liquidity-event performance-based vesting condition becomes  probable, the Company will recognize cumulative stock-based compensation  expense related to RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition  was satisfied or partially satisfied. Accordingly, the unaudited pro forma balance sheet as of September 30,  2020 gives effect to stock-based compensation expense of  $                billion  associated with these RSUs, calculated using the accelerated attribution method. This  pro forma adjustment is reflected as an increase in accumulated deficit  and additional
paid-in
capital.  RSU holders will generally incur taxable income based upon the fair value of the shares on the date they  are settled. The Company is required to withhold taxes on such value at  applicable minimum statutory rates. Accordingly, to satisfy the tax  withholding obligations related to the RSUs, the Company will withhold the number of shares necessary to  satisfy the tax obligations, based on the IPO price. The Company  currently expects that the average of these withholding tax rates will  be approximately    %; however, the final withholding amounts will be determined when the  actual withholdings and payments are required to be made. Based upon the  assumed IPO price of $                  per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range  set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, the Company estimates  that its tax withholding and remittance obligation would be approximately  $                  million in the aggregate. Such amount is included as an increase to  accrued expenses and other current liabilities and an equivalent decrease to additional
paid-in
capital in the unaudited pro forma balance sheet as of September 30,  2020. The unaudited pro forma balance sheet disclosure of shares outstanding of Class A common stock also gives effect to the  settlement of                  RSUs  for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied as of September 30, 2020, net of shares withheld for tax  obligations.
Unaudited Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share
Unaudited  pro forma basic net loss per share is computed to give effect to  (i) the automatic conversion of all outstanding shares of the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock into  240,910,588 shares of Class B common stock, which includes  1,286,694 additional shares of Class B common stock to be  issued upon conversion of the Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock (as discussed in Note 12,
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit
)  and (ii) the net issuance of                shares  of Class A common stock issued for RSUs granted to employees with  both service-based and liquidity-event performance-based vesting conditions for which the service-based vesting condition was satisfied  as of September 30, 2020 and the qualifying liquidity event will be  satisfied in connection with an IPO, after giving effect to shares  withheld to satisfy the associated tax withholding obligations. The Company used the
if-converted
method as though the conversion of the redeemable convertible preferred  stock had occurred as of the beginning of the period or the original  date of issuance, if later.
The  pro forma net loss used to calculate pro forma basic net loss per share  is not adjusted for stock-based compensation expense associated with these RSUs. In addition, pro forma diluted net  loss per share is the same as the pro forma basic net loss per share for  the period as the impact of any potentially dilutive securities is  anti-dilutive.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying  consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company  and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities (“VIE”)  in which the Company is the primary beneficiary in
F-12
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
accordance with consolidation accounting guidance. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The  Company determines, at the inception of each arrangement, whether an  entity in which it has made an investment or in which it has other  variable interest in is considered a VIE. The Company consolidates a VIE when it  is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a  VIE is the party that meets both of the following criteria: (i) has  the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE; and  (ii) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive  benefits that in either case could potentially be significant to the  VIE. Periodically, the Company determines whether any changes in its interest or relationship with the  entity impact the determination of whether the entity is still a VIE  and, if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary. If the  Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary in a VIE, the Company accounts for the investment or other  variable interest in a VIE in accordance with applicable U.S. GAAP. As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  the Company’s consolidated VIEs were not material to the consolidated financial statements.
Use of Estimates
The  preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in  conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates  and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements  and accompanying notes. The Company regularly evaluates its estimates,  including those related to bad debt reserves, fair value of investments,  useful lives of long-lived assets and intangible assets, valuation of acquired goodwill and  intangible assets from acquisitions, contingent liabilities, insurance  reserves, revenue recognition, valuation of common stock, stock-based  compensation, and income and
non-income
taxes, among others. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.
Segment Information
Operating  segments are defined as components of an entity for which discrete  financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) in  making decisions regarding resource allocation and performance  assessment. The Company’s CODM is its Chief Executive Officer. The  Company has determined it has one operating and reportable segment as the CODM reviews financial  information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating  resources and evaluating financial performance.
F-13
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash
Cash  and cash equivalents are held in checking and interest-bearing accounts  and consist of cash and highly-liquid securities with an original maturity of 90 days or less. The following table reconciles cash, cash  equivalents, and restricted cash reported on the Company’s consolidated  balance sheets to the total amount presented in the consolidated  statements of cash flows (in thousands):
December 31,
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Cash and cash equivalents
2,207,843
2,140,877
2,013,547
2,513,598
2,664,390
Cash and cash equivalents included in funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
2,321,750
2,297,699
3,129,781
2,900,066
2,326,116
Restricted cash
1,101
55,628
Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows
4,529,593
4,438,576
5,143,443
5,414,765
5,046,134
Marketable Securities
The  Company considers all highly-liquid investments with original  maturities of greater than 90 days to be marketable securities. The  Company determines the appropriate classification of its investments in  marketable securities at the time of purchase. As the Company views  these securities as available to support current operations, it accounts  for these debt securities as
available-for-sale
and classifies them as short-term assets on its consolidated balance  sheets. The Company determines realized gains or losses on the sale of  equity and debt securities on a specific identification method.
Unrealized gains and non-credit related losses on
available-for-sale
debt securities are reported as a component of accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ deficit. Realized gains and  losses and impairments are reported within other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of  operations. The assessment for impairment takes into account the  severity and duration of the decline in value, adverse changes in the  market or industry of the investee, the Company’s intent to sell the security and whether it is more likely than  not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of  the amortized cost basis.
The  Company’s marketable equity securities with readily determinable fair  values are measured at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value recognized within other income (expense), net in the  consolidated statements of operations.
Subsequent to January 1, 2020, the Company accounts for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities in accordance with ASU No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
(Topic 326) (“ASU No. 2016-13”), which the Company adopted on January  1, 2020 (unaudited). If the amortized cost basis of an available-for-sale security exceeds its  fair value and if the Company has the intention to sell the security or  it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the  security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, an impairment is recognized in the consolidated  statements of operations (unaudited). If the Company does not have the  intention to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that  the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis and the Company  determines that the unrealized loss is entirely or partially due to  credit-related factors, the
F-14
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
credit loss is measured and recognized as an allowance on the  consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding charge in the  consolidated statements of operations (unaudited). The allowance is measured as the amount by which the debt security’s amortized cost basis  exceeds the Company’s best estimate of the present value of cash flows  expected to be collected (unaudited). Any remaining decline in fair  value that is non-credit related is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (unaudited).  Improvements in expected cash flows due to improvements in credit are  recognized through reversal of the credit loss and corresponding  reduction in the allowance for credit loss (unaudited).
Non-Marketable
Investments
Non-marketable
investments consist of debt and equity investments in privately-held companies, which are classified as other assets, noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company classifies its
non-marketable
investments that meet the definition of a debt security as
available-for-sale.
The accounting policy for debt securities classified as
available-for-sale
is described above. The Company’s
non-marketable
equity  investments are accounted for using either the equity method of  accounting or equity investments without readily determinable fair value  measurement alternative.
The  Company uses the equity method if it has the ability to exercise  significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies of the investee. For investments accounted for using the equity  method, the Company’s proportionate share of its equity interest in the  net income or loss of these companies is recorded in the consolidated  statements of operations within other income (expense), net. The carrying amount of the  investment in equity interests is adjusted to reflect the Company’s  interest in the investee’s net income or loss and any impairments and is  classified in other assets, noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheets.
Investments  for which the Company is not able to exercise significant influence  over the investee are accounted for using the measurement alternative. Such investments  are carried at cost, less any impairments, and are adjusted for  subsequent observable price changes obtained from orderly transactions  for identical or similar investments issued by the same investee. This election is reassessed each reporting period  to determine whether
non-marketable
equity securities have a readily determinable fair value, in which case  they would no longer be eligible for this election. Changes in the basis of the equity  investment are recognized in other income (expense), net in the  consolidated statements of operations.
The Company reviews each of its
non-marketable
debt and equity investments for impairment at the end of each reporting period or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the  carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Impairment indicators might  include negative changes in industry and market conditions, financial  performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. Upon determining that an  impairment exists, the Company recognizes as an impairment in other  income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations the  amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the investment.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Fair  value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset  or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a  hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level  of market price observability used in
F-15
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
measuring financial instruments at fair value. This hierarchy  requires the Company to use observable market data when available and to  minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value. Financial instruments with readily available  quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of  market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in  measuring fair value.
Financial  instruments measured and disclosed at fair value are classified and  disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair value as follows:
Level
Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets.
Level
Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices in less active markets or model-derived valuations that are observable either directly or indirectly.
Level
Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.
The  carrying amount of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash equivalents, funds receivable and amounts  held on behalf of customers, accounts payable, accrued liabilities,  funds payable and amounts payable to customers, and unearned fees  approximate their respective fair values because of their short maturities.
Level 2 Valuation Techniques
Financial  instruments classified as Level 2 within the Company’s fair value  hierarchy are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or  pricing services. Prices of these securities are obtained through  independent, third-party pricing services and include market quotations  that may include both observable and unobservable inputs. In determining the value of a particular  investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to  transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing  matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments. The Company’s  foreign exchange derivative instruments are valued using pricing models  that take into account the contract terms, as well as multiple inputs  where applicable, such as interest rate yield curves and currency rates.
Level 3 Valuation Techniques (Unaudited)
Financial  instruments classified as Level 3 within the Company’s fair value  hierarchy consist primarily of a derivative warrant liability relating to the warrants issued in conjunction with the second lien loan  discussed in Note 11,
Debt
. Valuation techniques for the  derivative warrant liability include the Black-Scholes option-pricing  model with key assumptions such as stock price volatility, expected term, and risk-free interest rates.
Internal-Use
Software
The  Company capitalizes certain costs in connection with obtaining or  developing software for internal use. Additionally, the Company  capitalizes qualifying costs incurred for upgrades and enhancements that result in  additional functionality to existing software. Amortization of such  costs begins when the project is substantially complete and ready for  its intended use. Capitalized software development costs are classified as property and equipment, net on the  consolidated balance sheets and are amortized using the straight-line  method over the estimated useful life of the applicable software.
F-16
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.
Depreciation  and amortization on property and equipment is calculated using the  straight-line method over the estimated useful lives indicated below:
Asset Category
Period
Computer equipment
5 years
Computer software and capitalized
internal-use
software
1.5 to 3 years
Office furniture and equipment
5 years
Buildings
25 to 40 years
Leasehold improvements
Lesser of estimated useful life or remaining lease term
Costs  of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the useful  lives of assets are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation  are removed from the consolidated balance sheet and the resulting gain  or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.
Business Combinations
The Company  accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of  accounting, under which all assets acquired and liabilities assumed are  recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The  excess purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded  as goodwill. Transaction costs associated with business combinations  are expensed as incurred.
Leases
The Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating lease
right-of-use
(“ROU”) assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.  Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease  payments not yet paid. Operating lease ROU assets represent the  Company’s right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments  or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and  impairment of operating lease assets. As most of the Company’s leases do  not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the  information available at commencement date in determining the present  value of lease payments.
The  Company’s leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease  term. The Company recognizes expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Additionally, tenant incentives, primarily  used to fund leasehold improvements, are recognized when earned and  reduce the Company’s
right-of-use
asset related to the lease. These are amortized through the
right-of-use
asset as reductions of expense over the lease term.
The  Company’s lease agreements may contain variable costs such as common  area maintenance, operating expenses or other costs. Variable lease costs are  expensed as incurred on the consolidated statements of operations. The  Company’s lease agreements generally do not contain any residual value  guarantees or restrictive covenants.
F-17
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Goodwill
Goodwill  represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net  assets acquired in a business combination. The Company has one reporting unit. The Company tests goodwill for impairment at least  annually, in the fourth quarter, or whenever events or changes in  circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. There were no  impairment charges in any of the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 7,
Intangible Assets and Goodwill, for additional information.
Intangible Assets
Intangible assets  are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives  ranging from one to ten years. The Company reviews intangible assets for  impairment under the long-lived asset model described below. There were  no impairment charges in any of the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements.  Refer to Note 7,
Intangible Assets and Goodwill
, for additional information.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived  assets that are held and used by the Company are reviewed for  impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Determination of  recoverability of long-lived assets is based on an estimate of the  undiscounted cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its  eventual disposition. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow  basis, impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value  exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various  valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent  appraisals.
Any  impairments to ROU assets, leasehold improvements, or other assets as a result of a sublease are initially recognized when a  decision to sublease is made and recorded as an operating expense  (unaudited). Similar to other long-lived assets, management tests ROU  assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these  assets (unaudited). For leased assets, such circumstances would include  subleases that do not fully recover the costs of the associated leases  (unaudited). For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the Company recorded $25.3 million of ROU  asset impairment charges within restructuring charges in the  consolidated statement of operations (unaudited).
Deferred Offering Costs (Unaudited)
Deferred  offering costs of $1.4 million have been recorded as other assets,  noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2020  and consist of expenses incurred in connection with the Company’s planned  IPO, including legal, accounting, printing, and other IPO-related costs.  Of this amount, the amount paid as of September 30, 2020 was not  material. Upon completion of the IPO, these deferred offering costs will be reclassified to stockholders’  equity and recorded against the proceeds from the offering. If the  Company terminates its planned IPO or if there is a significant delay,  all of the deferred offering costs will be immediately written off to operating expenses in the  consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019,  the Company had not incurred such costs.
Revenue Recognition
The  Company generates substantially all of its revenue from facilitating guest stays  at accommodations offered by hosts on the Company’s platform.
F-18
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(“ASC  606”). The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1, 2018, using  the full retrospective transition method. Under this method, the  Company is presenting the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  December 31, 2017 as if ASC 606 had been effective for that period.  The adoption of ASC 606 did not have a material impact on the Company’s  accumulated deficit balance as of January 1, 2017.
The  Company considers both hosts and guests to be its customers. The  customers agree to the Company’s Terms of Service (“ToS”) to use the Company’s platform. Upon confirmation of a booking  made by a guest, the host agrees to provide the use of the property. At  such time, the host and guest also agree upon the applicable booking  value as well as host fees and guest fees (collectively “service fees”). The Company charges  service fees in exchange for certain activities, including the use of  the Company’s platform, customer support, and payment processing  activities. These activities are not distinct from each other and are not separate performance  obligations. As a result, the Company’s single performance obligation is  to facilitate a stay, which occurs upon the completion of a
check-in
event (a
“check-in”).
The Company recognizes revenue upon
check-in
as its performance obligation is satisfied upon
check-in
and the Company has the right to receive payment for the fulfillment of the performance obligation.
The  Company charges service fees to its customers as a percentage of the  value of the booking, excluding taxes. The Company collects both the  booking value from the guest on behalf of the host and the applicable guest fees  owed to the Company using the guest’s
pre-authorized
payment method. After
check-in,
the Company disburses the booking value to the host, less the fees due from  the host to the Company. The Company’s ToS stipulates that a host may  cancel a confirmed booking at any time up to
check-in.
Therefore, the Company determined that for accounting purposes, each  booking is a separate contract with the host and guest, and the  contracts are not enforceable until
check-in.
Since an enforceable contract for accounting purposes is not established until
check-in,
there were no partially satisfied or unsatisfied performance  obligations as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020  (unaudited). The service fees collected from customers prior to
check-in
are recorded as unearned fees. Unearned fees are not considered contract balances under ASC
606-10-50-8
because they are subject to refund in the event of a cancellation.
Guest  stays of at least 28 nights are considered long-term stays. The Company  charges service fees to facilitate long-term stays on a monthly basis. Such stays are generally cancelable with a
30-day
advance notice for no significant penalty. Accordingly, long-term stays are treated as
month-to-month
contracts; each month is a separate contract with the host and guest, and the contracts are not enforceable until
check-in
for the initial month  as well as subsequent monthly extensions. The Company’s performance  obligation for long-term stays is the same as that for short-term stays.  The Company recognizes revenue for the first month upon
check-in,
similar to short-term stays, and recognizes revenue for any subsequent months upon each month’s anniversary from initial
check-in
date.
The  Company evaluates the presentation of revenue on a gross versus net  basis based on whether or not it is the principal (gross) or the agent (net) in the transaction. As part of the evaluation, the Company  considers whether it controls the right to use the property before  control is transferred. Indicators of control that the Company considers  include whether the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise associated with the  rental of the property, whether it has inventory risk associated with  the
F-19
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
property, and whether it has discretion in establishing the prices for  the property. The Company determined that it does not control the right  to use the properties either before or after completion of its service. Accordingly, the Company has concluded that  it is acting in an agent capacity and revenue is presented net  reflecting the service fees received from guests and hosts to facilitate  a stay.
The  Company has elected to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a  contract, including the costs of certain referrer fees, as an expense  when incurred as the amortization period of the asset that the Company  otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. The Company has no  significant financing components in its contracts with customers.
The  Company has elected to exclude from revenue, taxes assessed by a  governmental authority that are both imposed on and are concurrent with  specific revenue producing transactions. Accordingly, such amounts are not  included as a component of revenue or cost of revenue.
Payments to Customers
The  Company makes payments to customers as part of its referral programs  and marketing promotions, collectively referred to as the Company’s incentive programs, and refund activities. The payments  are generally in the form of coupon credits to be applied toward future  bookings or as cash refunds.
Incentive Programs
The Company encourages the use of its platform and attracts new customers through its incentive programs.
Under  the Company’s referral program, the referring party (the “referrer”) earns a coupon when the new guest or host (the “referee”)  completes their first stay on the Company’s platform. Incentives earned  by customers for referring new customers are paid in exchange for a  distinct service and are accounted for as customer acquisition costs. The Company  records the incentive as a liability at the time the incentive is  earned by the referrer with the corresponding charge recorded to sales  and marketing expense in the same way the Company accounts for other marketing services from third-party  vendors. Any amounts paid in excess of the fair value of the referral  service received are recorded as a reduction of revenue. Fair value of  the service is established using amounts paid to vendors for similar services. Customer referral coupon credits  generally expire within one year from issuance and the Company estimates  the redemption rates using its historical experience. As of  December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the referral coupon liability was not material.
Through  marketing promotions, the Company issues customer coupon credits to encourage the use of its platform. After a customer redeems such  incentives, the Company records a reduction to revenue at the date it  records the corresponding revenue transaction, as the Company does not  receive a distinct good or service in exchange for the customer incentive payment.
Refunds
In  certain instances, the Company issues refunds to customers as part of  its customer support activities in the form of cash or credits to be  applied toward a future booking. There is no legal obligation to issue such  refunds to hosts or guests on behalf of its customers. The Company  accounts for refunds, net of any recoveries, as variable consideration,  which results in a reduction to revenue. The Company reduces the
F-20
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
transaction price by the estimated amount of the payments by applying  the most likely outcome method based on known facts and circumstances  and historical experience. The estimate for variable consideration was not material as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and  September 30, 2020 (unaudited).
The  Company evaluates whether the cumulative amount of payments made to customers that are not in exchange  for a distinct good or service received from customers exceeds the  cumulative revenue earned since inception of the customer relationships.  Any cumulative payments in excess of cumulative revenue are presented within operations and support or sales  and marketing on the consolidated statements of operations based on the  nature of the payments made to customers.
For  the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months  ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), payments made to  customers resulted in: reductions to revenue of $138.0 million,  $221.5 million, $274.5 million, $209.7 million, and $347.2  million, respectively; charges to operations and support of  $42.2 million, $68.9 million, $103.4 million, $78.4 million, and $63.0 million, respectively; and, charges to sales  and marketing expense of $68.4 million, $120.2 million,  $129.6 million, $99.5 million, and $50.4 million, respectively.
Funds Receivable and Funds Payable
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers represent cash received or
in-transit
from guests via third-party credit card processors and other payment methods, which  flows through a Company bank account for payment to hosts following
check-in.
This cash and related receivable represent the total amount due to hosts, and as such, a liability for the same amount is recorded to funds payable and amounts payable to customers.
The  Company records guest payments, net of service fees, as funds receivable and amounts held on  behalf of customers with a corresponding amount in funds payable and  amounts payable to customers when cash is received in advance of
check-in.
Host and guest fees  are recorded as cash with a corresponding amount in unearned fees. For  certain bookings, a guest may opt to pay 50% of the total amount due  when the booking is confirmed, with the remaining balance due prior to the stay occurring (the “Pay Less Upfront  Program”). Under the Pay Less Upfront Program, when the Company  receives the first installment payment from the guest upon confirmation  of the booking, the Company records the first installment payment as funds receivable and amounts  held on behalf of customers with a corresponding amount in funds payable  and amounts payable to customers, net of the host and guest fees. The  full value of the service fees is recorded as cash and cash equivalents and unearned fees upon receipt of  the first installment payment to represent what the Company expects to  be recognized as revenue if the underlying booking is not canceled. Upon  receipt of the second installment, such payment amounts are also recorded as funds receivable  and amounts held on behalf of customers with a corresponding amount in  funds payable and amounts payable to customers.
Following
check-in,
the Company remits funds due to hosts and recognizes unearned fees as revenue as its performance obligation is satisfied.
Bad Debt
The Company generally collects funds related to bookings from guests on behalf of hosts prior to
check-in.
However, in limited circumstances the Company disburses funds to a host  or a guest on behalf of a counterparty guest or host prior to collecting  such amounts from the counterparty. Such uncollected
F-21
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
balances generally arise from the timing of payments and  collections related to a dispute resolution between the guest and  host or certain alterations to stays and are included in prepaids and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  The Company records a customer receivable allowance for credit losses  for funds that may never be collected (unaudited). The Company estimated  its exposure to balances deemed to be uncollectible based on factors including known facts and  circumstances, historical experience, and the age of the uncollected  balances. Upon adoption of ASU No. 2016-13, the Company estimates its  expected credit losses for the customer receivable allowance based on factors including known facts and circumstances,  historical experience, reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic  conditions, and the age of the uncollected balances (unaudited). The  Company writes off the asset when it is determined to be uncollectible (unaudited). Bad debt expense was  $30.9 million, $49.0 million, $77.1 million, $47.9  million, and $85.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2017,  2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), respectively.
Cost of Revenue
Cost  of revenue primarily consists of payment processing charges, including  merchant fees and chargebacks, costs associated with third-party data centers used to host the Company’s platform, and amortization of  internally developed software and acquired technology.
Operations and Support
Operations  and support costs primarily consist of personnel-related expenses and  third-party service provider fees associated with customer support provided via phone, email, and chat to hosts and  guests, customer relations costs, which include refunds and credits  related to customer satisfaction and expenses associated with the  Company’s host protection programs, and allocated costs for facilities and information technology. These costs  are expensed as incurred.
Product Development
Product  development costs primarily consist of personnel-related expenses and  third-party service provider fees incurred in connection with the development of the Company’s platform and new products as well as the  improvement of existing products, and allocated costs for facilities and  information technology. These costs are expensed as incurred.
Sales and Marketing
Sales  and marketing costs primarily consist of performance and brand marketing,  personnel-related expenses, including those related to field operations,  portions of referral incentives and coupons, policy and communications,  and allocated costs for facilities and information technology. These costs are expensed as incurred.  Advertising expenses, which comprise the majority of performance  marketing, were $403.9 million, $474.5 million, $712.6 million,  $539.5 million, and $141.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended  September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), respectively.
General and Administrative
General  and administrative costs primarily consist of personnel-related  expenses for executive management and administrative functions, including finance and accounting, legal, and  human resources, as well as general corporate and director and officer  insurance. General and administrative costs also
F-22
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
include certain professional services fees, allocated costs for  facilities and information technology expenses, indirect taxes including  lodging taxes where the Company may be held jointly liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes, and bad debt  expense. These costs are expensed as incurred.
Restructuring Charges (Unaudited)
Costs  and liabilities associated with management-approved restructuring  activities are recognized when they are incurred. One-time employee termination costs are recognized at the time of  communication to employees, unless future service is required, in which  case the costs are recognized ratably over the future service period.  Ongoing employee termination benefits are recognized as a liability when it is probable that a liability exists  and the amount is reasonably estimable. Restructuring charges are  recognized as an operating expense within the consolidated statements of  operations and related liabilities are recorded within accrued expenses and other liabilities on the  consolidated balance sheets. The Company periodically evaluates and, if  necessary, adjusts its estimates based on currently available  information.
Income Taxes
Income  taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets  and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences  attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying  amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit  carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using  enacted tax law in effect for the years in which the temporary  differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and  liabilities is recognized in the period that includes the enactment  date. A valuation allowance is recorded for deferred tax assets if it is  more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The Company evaluates and accounts for uncertain tax positions using a
two-step
approach. Recognition, step one, occurs when the Company concludes that  a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is
more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination. Measurement, step two, determines the largest amount  of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate  settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all  relevant information. Derecognition of a tax position that was previously recognized would occur when the Company  subsequently determines that a tax position no longer meets the
more-likely-than-not
threshold of being sustained.
Foreign Currency
The Company’s  reporting currency is the U.S dollar. The Company determines the  functional currency for each of its foreign subsidiaries by reviewing  their operations and currencies used in their primary economic  environments. Assets and liabilities for foreign subsidiaries with functional currency other than U.S. dollar  are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange existing at  the balance sheet date. Statements of operations amounts are translated  at average exchange rates for the period. Translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ deficit. No  amounts were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income  (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September  30, 2020 (unaudited).
Remeasurement  gains and losses are included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.  Monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at the exchange rate on  the balance sheet date and nonmonetary assets and liabilities are  measured at historical exchange rates. Total
F-23
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency  transactions and balances totaled $11.0 million, $(6.0) million,  $(4.8) million, $5.7 million, and $34.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended  September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), respectively.
Derivative Instruments
The  Company enters into financial derivative instruments, consisting of  foreign currency contracts to mitigate its exposure to the impact of movements in currency exchange rates on its  transactional balances denominated in currencies other than the  functional currency. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or  speculative purposes. Derivative instruments are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Gains and  losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative  instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments for  accounting purposes are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that the changes  occur.
Stock-Based Compensation
The  Company measures and recognizes the compensation expense for all  stock-based awards based on the estimated fair value of the award.
The  Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the  fair value of stock options on the date of grant. Calculating the fair  value of stock options using the Black-Scholes model requires certain highly  subjective inputs and assumptions. The Company estimates the expected  term of stock options granted based on the simplified method and  estimates the volatility of its common stock on the date of grant based on the average historical stock price  volatility of comparable publicly-traded companies. The simplified  method calculates the expected term as the
mid-point
between the weighted-average time to vesting and the contractual  maturity. The simplified method is used as the  Company does not have sufficient historical data regarding stock option  exercises. In addition, the Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. The Company records stock-based compensation  expense for its stock options on a straight-line basis over the  requisite service period, which is generally four years. The contractual  term of the Company’s stock options is ten years.
The  absence of an active market for the Company’s common stock also  requires the Company’s board of directors, which includes members who possess extensive business, finance, and venture  capital experience, to determine the fair value of its common stock for  purposes of granting stock options and RSUs. The Company obtains  contemporaneous third-party valuations to assist the board of directors in determining the fair value of the  Company’s common stock. All stock options granted are exercisable at a  price per share not less than the fair value of the shares of  the Company’s common stock as determined by the board of directors (the “Fair Value”) underlying those  stock options on their respective grant dates.
The  fair value of RSUs is estimated based on the Fair Value on the date of grant.  Substantially all of the Company’s RSUs vest upon the satisfaction of  both a service-based condition and liquidity-event performance-based  vesting condition. Stock-based compensation expense is only recognized for RSUs for which the  service-based and liquidity-event performance-based vesting conditions  have been met. As of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020  (unaudited), the liquidity-event performance-based vesting condition had not been met for those RSUs with this condition.  The contractual term of the RSUs is seven years. In November 2019, the  Company also began granting RSUs with a service-based vesting condition  only.
F-24
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Stock-based compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period except for RSUs with both service-based and liquidity-event performance-based conditions as explained above.
Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
The Company applies
the two-class method
when computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders  when shares are issued that meet the definition of a participating  security.
The two-class method
determines net income (loss) per share for each class of common stock  and participating securities according to dividends declared or  accumulated and participation rights in undistributed earnings.
The two-class method
requires earnings available to common stockholders for the period to be  allocated between common stock and participating securities based upon  their respective rights to receive dividends as if all earnings for the period  had been distributed. The Company’s redeemable convertible preferred  stock is a participating security as the holders of such shares  participate in dividends but do not contractually participate in the Company’s losses.
Basic  net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the  weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, less  weighted-average shares subject to repurchase. The diluted net loss per  share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive  securities outstanding for the period. For periods in which the Company reports net losses, diluted net loss per  share attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss  per share attributable to common stockholders, because potentially  dilutive common shares are anti-dilutive.
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Comprehensive  income (loss) consists of net income (loss) and other comprehensive  income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) reflects gains and losses that are recorded as a component of stockholders’ deficit and are  excluded from net income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss)  consists of foreign currency translation adjustments related to  consolidation of foreign entities and unrealized gains (losses) on securities classified as
available-for-sale.
Contingencies
The  Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary  course of business. The Company accrues for losses associated with legal  claims when such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated.  These accruals are adjusted as additional information becomes available or circumstances change.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
Leases
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
No. 2016-02,
Leases
(Topic 842), which has subsequently been amended by ASUs
2018-01,
2018-10,
2018-11,
2018-20,
2019-01,
2019-10.
The guidance requires the recognition of ROU assets and lease  liabilities for substantially all leases under U.S. GAAP. The guidance  retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and  operating leases are substantially similar to the classification  criteria for distinguishing between capital
F-25
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
leases and operating leases under previous U.S. GAAP. The expense  recognition and cash flow treatment arising from a finance lease and  operating lease by a lessee have not changed significantly from previous U.S. GAAP. For operating leases, a lessee is required to  do the following: (i) recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability,  initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, on the  consolidated balance sheets; (ii) recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of  the lease is allocated over the lease term, generally on a straight-line  basis; and (iii) classify all cash payments within operating  activities in the statement of cash flows. The Company adopted the standard on January 1, 2019.
The  adoption of the standard had a material impact on the Company’s financial statements, with the most significant effects related to:  (i) the recognition of new ROU assets and lease liabilities on the  Company’s consolidated balance sheets for its real estate and data  center operating leases; (ii) the derecognition of existing assets and liabilities for  certain sale-leaseback transactions (arising from
build-to-suit
lease arrangements); (iii) the derecognition of existing assets and liabilities for certain assets constructed under
build-to-suit
lease arrangements that the Company subsequently leased; (iv) no longer reporting in the consolidated statements of operations a portion of lease expense for
build-to-suit
leases in interest expense, but rather, as a component of costs and expenses; and (v) providing significant new disclosures about the Company’s leasing activities.
Upon  adoption, the Company recognized an operating lease ROU asset of $340.2 million and lease  liabilities of $366.0 million, which included the derecognition of  $62.0 million of
build-to-suit
assets and $84.0 million of corresponding financing obligations  subsequently assessed as operating leases. The new standard also  provided practical expedients for an entity’s ongoing accounting as well as transition. The  Company has elected the: (i) short-term lease recognition  exemption for all leases that qualify, whereby the Company will not  recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in  transition; (ii) practical expedient to not separate lease and
non-lease
components for all of the Company’s leases; (iii) optional transition method that allows for a cumulative-effect adjustment in the  period of adoption and will not restate prior periods, which resulted in  a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated  deficit of $22.2 million; and (iv) transition package of three expedients, which eliminates the  requirements to reassess prior conclusions about lease identification,  lease classification, and initial direct costs.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards (Unaudited)
In  June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, which amends guidance on  reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities from an incurred loss methodology to  an expected loss methodology. For assets held at amortized cost basis,  the guidance eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold and  instead requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected credit losses. The  allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from  the amortized cost basis of the assets to present the net amount  expected to be collected. For available-for-sale debt securities, credit losses are recorded through  an allowance for credit losses, rather than a write-down, limited to the  amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. Additional  disclosures about significant estimates and credit quality are also required. For public companies, the guidance  is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and  interim periods within those fiscal years. This ASU has subsequently  been amended by ASUs 2018-19, 2019-04, 2019-05, 2019-10, and 2019-11. The Company adopted this guidance on  January 1, 2020 using the modified
F-26
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance did not have a  material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12,
Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
(Topic 740), which removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and improves consistent application of  and simplifies U.S. GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and  amending existing guidance. For public companies, the guidance is  effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted. The Company early adopted this guidance on  January 1, 2020. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material  impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted
In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01,
Investments — Equity Securities
(Topic 321),
Investments
Equity Method and Joint Ventures
(Topic 323), and
Derivatives and Hedging
(Topic 815):
Clarifying the Interactions between Topic 321, Topic 323
Topic 815
,  which clarifies that an entity should consider observable transactions  that require it to either apply or discontinue the equity method of  accounting for the purposes of applying the fair value measurement  alternative. For public companies, the guidance is effective for fiscal  years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its  consolidated financial statements.
In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04,
Reference Rate Reform
(Topic 848), which provides optional expedients and exceptions to  contract modifications and hedging relationships that reference the London  Interbank Offered Rate or another reference rate expected to be  discontinued. The standard is effective upon issuance through  December 31, 2022 and may be applied at the beginning of the interim period that includes March 12, 2020 or any date  thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this  guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
Debt — Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts
Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments
Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity
,  which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available for convertible debt  instruments. This guidance also eliminates the treasury stock method to  calculate diluted earnings per share for convertible instruments and  requires the use of the if-converted method. For public companies, the guidance is effective for fiscal years  beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within  those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is  currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
In October 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-08,
Codification Improvements to Subtopic 310-20, Receivables
Nonrefundable Fees and
Other Costs
,  which clarifies when an entity should assess whether a callable debt  security is within the scope of accounting guidance, which impacts the  amortization period for nonrefundable fees and other costs. For public companies, the guidance  is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020,  and interim periods within those fiscal years. Upon adoption, the  amendments are to be applied on a prospective basis as of the beginning of the period of adoption for
F-27
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
existing or newly purchased callable debt securities. Early adoption is  not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this  guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
There  are other new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB that the  Company has adopted or will adopt, as applicable, and the Company does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements have had, or will  have, a material impact on its consolidated financial statements or  disclosures.
Note 3. Investments
Debt Securities
The following tables summarize the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of the Company’s
available-for-sale
debt securities aggregated by investment category (in thousands):
December 31, 2018
Classification as of December 31, 2018
Cost or
Amortized
Cost
Gross
Unrealized
Gains
Gross
Unrealized
Losses
Total
Estimated
Fair Value
Cash and
Cash
Equivalents
Marketable
Securities
Funds
Receivable(2)
Certificates of deposit
75,466
75,466
75,466
Government bonds(1)
713,067
713,036
208,636
504,400
Commercial paper
260,151
260,151
179,212
80,939
Corporate debt securities
344,413
(1,913
342,500
3,239
339,261
Asset-backed securities
38,008
37,972
37,972
Total
1,431,105
(2,044
1,429,125
182,451
742,274
504,400
Includes U.S. government and government agency debt securities
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
December 31, 2019
Classification as of December 31, 2019
Cost or
Amortized
Cost
Gross
Unrealized
Gains
Gross
Unrealized
Losses
Total
Estimated
Fair Value
Cash and
Cash
Equivalents
Marketable
Securities
Other
Assets,
Noncurrent
Funds
Receivable(2)
Certificates of deposit
33,159
33,159
33,159
Government bonds(1)
189,034
189,032
73,627
115,405
Commercial paper
477,957
477,957
187,139
290,818
Corporate debt securities
373,941
374,632
5,004
356,599
13,029
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities
43,499
(140
43,406
43,406
Total
1,117,590
(207
1,118,186
192,143
797,609
13,029
115,405
Includes U.S. government and government agency debt securities
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
F-28
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
September 30, 2020
Classification as of September 30, 2020
Cost or
Amortized
Cost
Gross
Unrealized
Gains
Gross
Unrealized
Losses
Total
Estimated
Fair Value
Cash and
Cash
Equivalents
Marketable
Securities
Other
Assets,
Noncurrent
Funds
Receivable)(2)
(unaudited)
(unaudited)
Certificates of deposit
101,555
101,555
16,250
85,305
Government bonds(1)
1,227,059
1,227,142
14,978
746,049
466,115
Commercial paper
534,621
534,623
126,826
407,797
Corporate debt securities
400,860
2,525
403,367
17,779
372,559
13,029
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities
36,963
37,902
37,902
2,301,058
3,572
2,304,589
175,833
1,649,612
13,029
466,115
Includes U.S. government and government agency debt securities
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers
As  of September 30, 2020, the Company did not have an allowance for credit  losses related to its available-for-sale debt securities (unaudited).
Before  reclassifications of gains and losses from accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated balance sheets to other  income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations, unrealized  gains and losses, net of tax, for the years ended December 31,  2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020  (unaudited), were not material. Realized gains and losses reclassified from accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense), net were not  material for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and  nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited).
Debt  securities in an unrealized loss position had an estimated fair value  of $570.8 million and an immaterial amount of unrealized losses as of December 31, 2018, an estimated fair value  of $139.7 million and an immaterial amount of unrealized losses as  of December 31, 2019, and an estimated fair value of $221.0 million  and an immaterial amount of unrealized losses as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited). None of these  securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than  twelve months as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and an immaterial  amount of securities were in a continuous loss position for more than twelve months as of September 30,  2020 (unaudited).
During  the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019, the Company did not consider any of its marketable debt  securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired. During the years ended  December 31, 2017 and 2018, the Company did not purchase or hold a  material amount of
non-marketable
debt securities. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded an impairment charge for an
available-for-sale
non-marketable
debt investment totaling $18.0 million. During the nine months  ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), the Company did not record any impairment charges  for its available-for-sale non-marketable debt investments.
F-29
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of the Company’s
available-for-sale
debt securities (in thousands):
December 31, 2019
September 30, 2020
Amortized
Cost
Estimated
Fair Value
Amortized
Cost
Estimated
Fair Value
(unaudited)
Due within one year
944,541
944,616
2,180,055
2,180,786
Due in one year to five years
150,674
151,236
116,298
118,857
Due within five to ten years
21,322
21,290
3,217
3,404
Due beyond ten years
1,053
1,044
1,488
1,542
Total
1,117,590
1,118,186
2,301,058
2,304,589
Equity Investments
Equity Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  the Company had equity investments with readily determinable fair value totaling $446.2 million, $263.1 million, and $181.2 million,  respectively, which consisted of mutual funds measured at fair value and  classified within marketable securities on the consolidated balance  sheet.
Equity Investments Without Readily Determinable Fair Values
The  Company holds investments in privately-held companies in the form of  equity securities without readily determinable fair values and in which  the Company does not have a controlling interest or significant influence.  These investments had net carrying values of $10.1 million,  $131.2 million, and $78.1 million as of December 31, 2018  and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), respectively, and are classified within other assets on the  consolidated balance sheets. These investments were initially recorded  using the measurement alternative at cost and are subsequently adjusted  to fair value for impairments and price changes from observable transactions in the same or similar  security from the same issuer.
The following table summarizes the total carrying value of equity investments without readily determinable fair values (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months
Ended
September 30,
2018
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Carrying value, beginning of period
4,773
10,086
131,210
Additions
5,313
120,575
Sales
Downward adjustments for observable price changes and impairment
(53,136
Upward adjustments for observable price changes
Carrying value, end of period
10,086
131,210
78,074
F-30
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As  of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  cumulative upward adjustments for price changes to the Company’s equity investments without readily  determinable fair values totaled $0.5 million. The Company did not  record any realized gains or losses or impairment for the Company’s  equity securities without readily determinable fair value during the years ended December 31, 2017,  2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 (unaudited). The  Company recorded impairment charges of $53.1 million during the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, which also represented the cumulative impairment charges as of September  30, 2020 (unaudited).
Gains and Losses on Equity Investments
Net  unrealized gains (losses) on marketable equity investments were not  material for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 and totaled $13.2 million, $7.8 million, and $(19.5) million for the year ended  December 31, 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and  2020 (unaudited), respectively. The unrealized gains and losses on  marketable equity investments were recorded in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements  of operations.
Note 4. Equity Method Investments
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  the carrying values of the Company’s equity method investments were $21.6 million, $58.7 million, and $22.1 million, respectively.  For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine  months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), the Company  recorded losses of $0.8 million, $3.2 million, $6.0 million, $4.3 million, and $7.6 million,  respectively, within other income (expense), net in the consolidated  statements of operations, representing its proportionate share of net  income or loss based on the investee’s financial results. Also, during the year ended  December 31, 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2020  (unaudited), the Company recorded impairment charges of  $9.8 million and $29.0 million, respectively, related to the carrying value of equity method investments within other income  (expense), net. There were no impairment charges for the years ended  December 31, 2017 and 2018 and nine months ended September 30,  2019 (unaudited).
In  December 2016, the Company purchased convertible preferred shares of a  company (the “2016 Investee”) that provides a mobile app for restaurant reservations for an aggregate price of $10.0 million. In  conjunction with this transaction, the 2016 Investee issued warrants,  at no cost, to the Company to purchase additional shares, which were  exercised in 2018. Prior to exercise, the Company
marked-to-market
and recorded unrealized losses on the warrants, which were not material  for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018. As of December 31, 2018, the Company’s aggregate ownership in the 2016  Investee totaled $18.6 million, or approximately 23% of the 2016  Investee’s outstanding shares. In July 2019, the 2016 Investee was  acquired by a third party, resulting in a gain of $24.6 million recorded in other income  (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.
F-31
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 5. Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments
The  following table summarizes the Company’s financial assets and  liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands):
December 31, 2018
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets
Cash equivalents:
Money market funds
18,099
18,099
Commercial paper
179,212
179,212
Corporate debt securities
3,239
3,239
18,099
182,451
200,550
Marketable securities:
Certificates of deposit
75,466
75,466
U.S. government and government agency debt securities
208,636
208,636
Commercial paper
80,939
80,939
Corporate debt securities
339,261
339,261
Asset backed securities
37,972
37,972
Mutual funds
446,157
446,157
75,466
1,112,965
1,188,431
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers:
U.S. government and government agency debt securities
504,400
504,400
Total assets at fair value
93,565
1,799,816
1,893,381
Liabilities
Other liabilities, noncurrent:
Derivative warrant liability (Note 12)
14,402
14,402
F-32
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2019
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets
Cash equivalents:
Money market funds
3,852
3,852
Commercial paper
187,139
187,139
Corporate debt securities
5,004
5,004
3,852
192,143
195,995
Marketable securities:
Certificates of deposit
33,159
33,159
U.S. government and government agency debt securities
73,627
73,627
Commercial paper
290,818
290,818
Corporate debt securities
356,599
356,599
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities
43,406
43,406
Mutual funds
263,117
263,117
33,159
1,027,567
1,060,726
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers:
U.S. government and government agency debt securities
115,405
115,405
Prepaids and other current assets:
Foreign exchange derivative assets
5,263
5,263
Other assets, noncurrent:
Corporate debt securities
13,029
13,029
Total assets at fair value
37,011
1,340,378
13,029
1,390,418
Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities:
Foreign exchange derivative liabilities
F-33
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
September 30, 2020
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
(unaudited)
Assets
Cash equivalents:
Money market funds
32,352
32,352
Certificates of deposit
16,250
16,250
U.S. government debt securities
14,978
14,978
Commercial paper
126,826
126,826
Corporate debt securities
17,779
17,779
48,602
159,583
208,185
Marketable securities:
Certificates of deposit
85,305
85,305
U.S. government and government agency debt securities
746,049
746,049
Commercial paper
407,797
407,797
Corporate debt securities
372,559
372,559
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities
37,902
37,902
Mutual funds
181,209
181,209
85,305
1,745,516
1,830,821
Funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers:
U.S. government and government agency debt securities
466,115
466,115
Prepaids and other current assets:
Foreign exchange derivative assets
11,237
11,237
Other assets, noncurrent:
Corporate debt securities
13,029
13,029
Total assets at fair value
133,907
2,382,451
13,029
2,529,387
Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities:
Foreign exchange derivative liabilities
10,939
10,939
Derivative warrant liability (Note 11)
157,802
157,802
Total liabilities at fair value
10,939
157,802
168,741
F-34
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents additional information about investments that are measured at fair value for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value (in thousands):
December 31,
September 30,
2018
2019
2020
Derivative
Warrant
Asset
Derivative
Warrant
Liability
Derivative
Warrant
Liability
Other
Assets,
Noncurrent
Derivative
Warrant
Liability
Other
Assets,
Noncurrent
(unaudited)
Balance, beginning of period
1,723
11,087
14,402
13,029
Additions
13,029
116,641
Settlements
(1,565
Reclassifications to equity
(14,117
Changes in gains or losses included in earnings
(158
3,315
(285
41,161
Balance, end of period
14,402
13,029
157,802
13,029
Changes in unrealized gains or losses included in earnings related to investments held at the reporting date
3,315
41,161
Changes in unrealized gains or losses included in other comprehensive income related to investments held at the reporting date
There were no transfers of financial instruments between valuation levels during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited).
The  following table presents additional information about valuation techniques and inputs used for investments that are measured  at fair value and categorized within Level 3 as of September 30, 2020  (unaudited) (fair value amounts in thousands):
Fair Value
Valuation Technique
Unobservable
Inputs
Inputs Value
Liability
Derivative warrant liability
157,802
Black-Scholes option pricing model
Stock volatility
43.8
Risk-free rate
Expected term
9.5 years
Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
As  of December 31, 2019, the fair value of foreign exchange  derivative assets and liabilities totaled $5.3 million and  $0.5 million, respectively, with the aggregate notional amount totaling  $516.7 million. As of September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the fair  value of foreign exchange derivative assets and liabilities totaled  $11.2 million and $10.9 million, respectively, with the aggregate notional amount totaling $1.7 billion. Derivative assets are  included in prepaids and other current assets and derivative liabilities  are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the  consolidated balance sheets. The Company did not have any
non-designated
derivatives during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018.
F-35
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The  Company recorded total net realized gains (losses) of  $(2.0) million, $(2.7) million, and $(28.6) million and net unrealized gains (losses) of $4.8 million,  $(0.7) million, and $(4.5) million for the year ended December 31,  2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited),  respectively, related to foreign exchange derivative assets and liabilities. The realized and unrealized  gains and losses on
non-designated
derivatives are reported in other income (expense), net in the  consolidated statements of operations. The cash flows related to derivative instruments not designated as  hedging instruments are classified within operating activities in the  consolidated statements of cash flows.
The  Company has master netting arrangements with the respective  counterparties to its derivative contracts, which are designed to reduce  credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty.  The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative liabilities  at their gross fair values in its consolidated balance sheets. As of  December 31, 2019, the potential effect of these rights of
set-off
associated with the Company’s derivative contracts would be a reduction  to both assets and liabilities of $0.5 million, resulting in net  derivative assets of $4.8 million. As of September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the potential  effect of these rights of set-off associated with the Company’s  derivative contracts would be a reduction to both assets and liabilities  of $8.7 million, resulting in net derivative assets of $2.5 million and derivative liabilities of $2.2  million.
Note 6. Acquisitions
HotelTonight
On  April 15, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition of Hotel Tonight, Inc.  (“HotelTonight”), an online marketplace for boutique hotel rentals, to  enhance the Company’s offerings in the hotel accommodations space.
The  Company acquired all outstanding shares of HotelTonight for a total  purchase consideration of $441.4 million funded primarily with cash  and 3.2 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock. The  aggregate purchase consideration for HotelTonight was comprised of the  following (in thousands):
Fair Value
Cash paid to HotelTonight stockholders and equity award holders
237,387
Common stock issued to HotelTonight stockholders and equity award holders
201,079
Replacement stock options attributable to
pre-acquisition
service
2,891
Total purchase consideration
441,357
Cash  consideration included reimbursement of acquisition-related transaction  costs of $11.3 million incurred by HotelTonight to execute the transaction. Additionally, the Company  recognized $3.9 million of acquisition-related costs, recorded as  general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statements of  operations.
Certain  unvested stock options held by HotelTonight employees were assumed by  the Company in connection with the acquisition. The portion of the fair value of the assumed stock options associated with pre-acquisition  service of HotelTonight employees represented a component of the total  purchase consideration, as presented above. The remaining fair value of  $12.3 million of these issued awards was
F-36
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
excluded from the purchase price. These awards, which are subject to the  recipients’ continued service with the Company, will be recognized  ratably as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period.
The  acquisition was accounted for as a business combination with the  aggregate purchase price allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair  values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation is  preliminary, may change, and will be completed prior to the measurement  period, or one year from the transaction date, as prescribed by ASC 805,
Business Combinations
. The fair value is as follows (in thousands):
Amount
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
55,960
Intangible assets
88,000
Goodwill
329,899
Net liabilities assumed
(32,502
Total purchase consideration
441,357
The final determination of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is expected to be completed as practicable after completion of the transaction, including a period of time to finalize working capital adjustments.
Goodwill  is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and anticipated synergies and  economies of scale expected from the integration of the acquired  business. The identified intangible assets assumed in the acquisition  were recognized as follows based upon their fair values as of the acquisition date (in thousands):
Estimated
Useful
Life
Fair
Value
Developed technology
3 years
20,000
Listing relationships
10 years
35,100
Trade names
5 years
32,900
Total identified intangible assets
88,000
The Company’s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HotelTonight starting as of the acquisition date.
Other Acquisitions
During  the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company completed the  acquisition of Luxury Retreats International Holdings, Inc. (“Luxury Retreats”), an online marketplace for luxury home and villa rentals  around the world. Under the terms of the share purchase agreement, the  Company acquired all shares of Luxury Retreats for a total purchase  consideration of $224.1 million primarily in cash and common stock, of which $223.6 million was  attributed to goodwill, $64.5 million was attributed to intangible  assets, and $64.0 million was attributed to other net liabilities.  In addition to the Luxury Retreats acquisition, the
F-37
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Company completed various business combinations and asset purchases for  total consideration of $39.8 million. Of the total consideration  for these acquisitions, $28.1 million was attributed to goodwill, $11.5 million was attributed to intangible  assets, and the amount attributed to the remaining net assets acquired  was not material.
During  the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company completed various  business combinations and asset purchases for total consideration of $40.3 million, of which $31.3 million was cash. Of the total  consideration for these acquisitions, $31.9 million was attributed  to goodwill, $8.1 million was attributed to intangible assets, and  the amount attributed to the remaining net assets acquired was not material.
During  the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company completed two  business combinations in addition to the HotelTonight acquisition described above for total  consideration of $63.3 million, of which $11.4 million was  paid in cash, $36.7 million was paid in shares of the Company’s  Class A common stock, and $15.3 million was contingent consideration. Of the total  consideration for these acquisitions, $33.8 million was attributed  to goodwill, $31.7 million was attributed to intangible assets, and  $2.2 million was attributed to other net liabilities.
For  all intangible assets acquired during the years ended December 31,  2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 (unaudited), the weighted-average useful life was 2.3 years,  2.3 years, 5.4 years, and 5.4 years, respectively. There were no  intangible assets acquired during the nine months ended September 30,  2020 (unaudited).
Each  of these acquisitions, including the acquisition of HotelTonight, was  made to enhance the Company’s offerings and expand the Company’s expertise in engineering and other functional areas. The amount of  goodwill deductible for income tax purposes was $3.1 million,  $11.7 million, and $15.0 million as of December 31, 2017,  2018, and 2019, respectively. Pro forma and historical post-acquisition results of operations for acquisitions  completed during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019  were not material to the Company’s consolidated statements of  operations.
Note 7. Intangible Assets and Goodwill
Intangible Assets
Identifiable intangible assets resulting from business combinations and asset purchases consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31, 2018
Weighted-
Average
Useful Life
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Carrying
Value
Listing relationships
3 years
34,723
(21,893
12,830
Customer contacts
3 years
8,352
(4,740
3,612
Developed technology
2 years
20,800
(10,662
10,138
Trade names
1 year
23,577
(21,674
1,903
Other
2 years
(387
Total intangible assets
88,112
(59,356
28,756
F-38
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2019
Weighted-
Average
Useful Life
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Carrying
Value
Listing relationships
6 years
77,533
(37,057
40,476
Customer contacts
3 years
12,571
(8,728
3,843
Developed technology
2 years
55,845
(27,292
28,553
Trade names
3 years
56,770
(27,268
29,502
Other
3 years
(397
Total intangible assets
203,654
(100,742
102,912
September 30, 2020
Weighted-
Average
Useful Life
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Carrying
Value
(unaudited)
Listing relationships
9 years
42,502
(7,997
34,505
Customer contacts
3 years
4,346
(1,806
2,540
Developed technology
3 years
37,800
(24,378
13,422
Trade names
5 years
35,753
(11,974
23,779
Other
3 years
(229
Total intangible assets
120,951
(46,384
74,567
Amortization  expense related to intangible assets for the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited) was  $36.4 million, $22.0 million, $46.1 million, $27.6  million, and $28.4 million, respectively.
Estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets as of December 31, 2019 was as follows (in thousands):
Year Ending December 31,
Amount
2020
32,665
2021
25,652
2022
14,204
2023
10,219
2024
5,187
Thereafter
14,985
Total future amortization expense
102,912
F-39
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Goodwill
The  changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended  December 31, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited) were as follows (in thousands):
Amount
Balance as of December 31, 2017
258,035
Additions related to acquisitions
31,861
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Balance as of December 31, 2018
289,861
Additions related to acquisitions
363,681
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(1,454
Balance as of December 31, 2019
652,088
Foreign currency translation adjustments (unaudited)
1,678
Balance as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)
653,766
Note 8. Property and Equipment, Net
Property  and equipment, net, as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September  30, 2020 (unaudited) consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31,
September 30,
2018
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Computer equipment
46,729
53,916
55,318
Computer software and capitalized
internal-use
software
68,994
85,522
94,372
Office furniture and equipment
34,521
47,165
48,613
Leasehold improvements
89,548
236,027
241,500
Buildings and land
164,926
16,844
16,844
404,718
439,474
456,647
Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization
(143,711
(178,735
(242,984
261,007
260,739
213,663
Construction in progress
48,401
40,534
47,569
Total property and equipment, net
309,408
301,273
261,232
Depreciation  and amortization expense related to property and equipment for the  years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020  (unaudited) was $42.9 million, $60.4 million,  $68.0 million, $48.7 million, and $65.0 million, respectively.
During  the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months  ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), amortization of capitalized
internal-use
software costs was $9.5 million, $12.4 million, $10.9 million, $7.7  million, and $16.0 million, respectively. The net carrying value of  capitalized
internal-use
software as of  December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited) was  $8.5 million, $24.1 million, and $13.8 million,  respectively.
F-40
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 9. Leases
The  Company’s material operating leases consist of office space and data  center space. The Company’s leases generally have remaining terms of one to 19 years, many of which include options to extend the leases  up to five years. Additionally, some lease contracts include termination  options. Generally, the lease term is the minimum of the
non-cancelable
period of the lease or the lease term inclusive of reasonably certain renewal periods.
The components of lease cost were as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
Operating lease cost (1)
82,298
Short-term lease cost (1)
1,128
Variable lease cost (1)
9,619
Sublease income (2)
(261
Total lease cost
92,784
Classified within operations and support, product development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
Classified within other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information related to leases were as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
Cash paid for operating lease liabilities
$72,356
Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets
101,193
Lease term and discount rate were as follows:
As of
December 31, 2019
Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)
8.06
Weighted-average discount rate
4.75
F-41
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Maturities of lease liabilities (excluding short-term leases) were as follows as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
Year Ending December 31,
Amount
2020
57,220
2021
65,003
2022
74,025
2023
67,846
2024
67,917
Thereafter
207,434
Total lease payments
539,445
Less: imputed interest
(120,049
Present value of lease liabilities
419,396
Less: current portion of lease liabilities
(38,022
Total long-term lease liabilities
381,374
Under ASC Topic 840, Leases (“ASC 840”), contractual commitments related to operating leases were as follows as of December 31, 2018 (in thousands):
Year Ending December 31,
Amount
2019
46,475
2020
41,759
2021
44,682
2022
44,206
2023
40,004
Thereafter
131,319
Total
348,445
Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 was $34.9 million and $52.6 million, respectively.
Under  ASC 840, the Company had the following financing lease obligations for  which the Company was deemed the owner of the building under
build-to-suit
accounting guidance. Upon adoption of Topic 842, the Company derecognized its
build-to-suit
assets and financing obligations. As of December 31, 2019, the  Company did not have any financing obligations. Refer to Note 2,
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Recently Adopted Accounting Standards — Leases,
for additional details.
San Francisco Financing Lease
As  of December 31, 2018, $123.5 million was capitalized related  to the fair value of the building shell, additions to the building space and capitalized interest. Depreciation  on the occupied portion of the building began in 2013, with  $4.4 million and $5.1 million of depreciation expense  recognized during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
F-42
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The  Company allocates monthly rental payments between the imputed interest  on the obligation and rental expense for the land lease. During the year ended  December 31, 2017, lease payments totaled $12.5 million and  included $10.8 million recorded as interest expense and  $1.1 million recorded as rent expense. During the year ended December 31, 2018, lease payments were $13.7 million and  included $12.5 million recorded as interest expense and  $1.1 million recorded as rent expense.
Under  the terms of this lease, the Company is entitled to receive  reimbursements from the landlord for specific tenant improvement costs.  During 2017 and 2018, tenant improvement reimbursements received by the Company were  not material.
Ireland Financing Lease
As  of December 31, 2018, $26.8 million was capitalized related  to the fair value of the building shell, additions to the building space  and capitalized interest. Depreciation on the occupied portion of the  building began in 2016, with $0.8 million and $0.9 million of  depreciation expense recorded during the years ended December 31,  2017 and 2018, respectively.
The  Company allocates monthly rental payments between the imputed interest  on the financing obligation and rental expense for the land lease.  During the year ended December 31, 2017, lease payments totaled  $1.3 million. Interest expense attributed to the financing  obligation was $1.0 million, and rent expense for the land lease  was $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. During the year ended December 31, 2018,  lease payments totaled $1.7 million and included $0.9 million  recorded as interest expense and $0.7 million recorded as rent  expense.
Under  the terms of this lease, the Company is entitled to receive  reimbursements from the landlord for specific tenant improvement costs.  In both 2017 and 2018, the Company did not receive tenant improvement  reimbursements from the landlord.
India Financing Lease
As  of December 31, 2018, $4.6 million was capitalized related to  the fair value of the building shell, additions to the space and capitalized interest. Depreciation on the occupied portion of the  building began in 2017, with depreciation expense that was not material  recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017, and  $0.5 million of depreciation expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2018.
The  Company allocates monthly rental payments between the imputed interest  on the financing obligation and rental expense for the land lease. The lease  payments, interest expense attributed to the obligation and rent expense  related to the land were not material during the year ended  December 31, 2017. During the year ended December 31, 2018, lease payments totaled $0.4 million and  included $0.3 million recorded as interest expense and  $0.1 million recorded as rent expense.
F-43
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Under ASC 840, contractual commitments related to financing lease obligations as of December 31, 2018 were as follows (in thousands):
Year Ending December 31,
Amount
2019
14,453
2020
15,022
2021
15,732
2022
16,252
2023
16,739
Thereafter
55,977
Total
134,175
Note 10. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31,
September 30,
2018
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Indirect tax reserves
218,591
262,454
177,040
Indirect taxes payable
156,721
192,038
228,315
Travel credit liability
226,484
Compensation and related benefits
150,607
253,305
206,609
Derivative liabilities
168,741
Current portion of long-term debt and accrued interest expense
27,856
Sales and marketing
65,661
94,228
15,365
Income and other tax liabilities
3,180
15,424
13,037
Other
269,370
406,156
397,704
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities
864,130
1,224,080
1,461,151
Note 11. Debt
The following table summarizes the Company’s outstanding debt (in thousands):
September 30,
2020
Effective
Interest Rate
(unaudited)
First lien loan due April 2025
997,500
9.5%
Second lien loan due July 2025
1,000,000
15.1%
Total debt
1,997,500
Less: Unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs
(176,198
Less: Current portion of long-term debt
(10,000
Total long-term debt, net of current portion
1,811,302
F-44
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Term Loans (Unaudited)
In  April 2020, the Company entered into a $1.0 billion First Lien Credit  and Guaranty Agreement (the “First Lien Credit Agreement,” and the loans thereunder, the “First Lien Loan”), resulting in proceeds of  $961.4 million, net of debt discount and debt issuance costs of $38.6  million. The loan is due and payable in April 2025. The underlying loan  can be repaid in whole or in part prior to April 2025 at the Company’s option, subject to applicable  prepayment premiums and make-whole premiums. Beginning in September  2020, the Company is required to repay the First Lien Loan in quarterly  installments equal to 0.25% of the $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the First Lien Loan, with  the remaining principal amount payable on the maturity date.  Additionally, the First Lien Credit Agreement requires the Company to  prepay in cash all or a portion of outstanding First Lien Loan, plus any applicable prepayment premiums and  make-whole premiums, in the event of non-ordinary course asset sales or  other dispositions of property, or incurrence or issuance of any  indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. The Company can select a per annum interest rate equal to  (i) 7.5% plus the London Interbank Offered Rate (customarily defined,  with LIBOR replacement provisions consistent with the April 2019  Alternative Reference Rates Committee recommended fallback language for syndicated loans, “LIBOR”), subject to  a floor of 1.0%, or (ii) 6.5% plus the greatest of (a) the prime rate,  (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5%, and (c) LIBOR for a  one-month period plus 1%, subject to a floor of 2%. Interest is payable monthly or quarterly in  arrears at the Company’s option depending on the selected per annum  interest rate and interest period.
Also  in April 2020, the Company entered into a $1.0 billion Second Lien  Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the “Second Lien Credit Agreement,” and the loans thereunder, the “Second Lien Loan”), resulting in net  proceeds of $967.5 million, net of debt discount and debt issuance costs  of $32.5 million. The loan is due and payable in July 2025. The  underlying loan can be repaid in whole or in part prior to July 2025, subject to applicable prepayment  premiums, make-whole premiums, and the priority of lenders under the  First Lien Credit Agreement over any proceeds the Company receives from  the sale of collateral. Additionally, subject to the Company’s obligation to make mandatory prepayments under  the First Lien Credit Agreement, the Second Lien Credit Agreement  requires the Company to prepay in cash all or a portion of outstanding  Second Lien Loans, plus any applicable prepayment premiums and make-whole premiums, in the event of  non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property, or  incurrence or issuance of any indebtedness, subject to certain  exceptions. The Company can select the per annum interest rate equal to (i) 10% plus LIBOR, subject to a floor of  1%, or (ii) 9% plus the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal  funds effective rate plus 0.5%, and (c) LIBOR for a one-month period  plus 1%, subject to a floor of 3%. Interest is payable monthly or quarterly in arrears, at the Company’s  option depending on the selected per annum interest rate and interest  period. In addition, at the Company’s election, payment-in-kind interest  up to 5.5% per annum may be paid by increasing the principal amount of the Second Lien Loan by  such amount.
The  debt discount and debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method. For the nine  months ended September 30, 2020, interest expense of $100.5 million was  recorded for the First Lien and Second Lien Loans relating to the  contractual interest and amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs.
F-45
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As  of September 30, 2020, the estimated fair value of the First Lien Loan  and Second Lien Loan were $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, and were determined based  on quoted prices in markets that are not active, or Level 2 inputs.
The First  Lien Loan and the Second Lien Loan are unconditionally guaranteed by  certain of the Company’s domestic subsidiaries and are both secured by  substantially all the assets of the Company and of these subsidiary  guarantors.
The  First Lien Loan and Second Lien Loan contain customary affirmative and  negative covenants, subject to certain exceptions, including  restrictions on the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things,  incur debt and liens, undergo fundamental changes including mergers and  consolidations, sell or transfer assets, pay dividends or other  distributions, make acquisitions, investments, loans or advances, or payments and  prepayments of junior or unsecured indebtedness. The First Lien Loan and  Second Lien Loan also contain customary events of default, including a  change in control.
The  future principal payments for the Company’s long-term debt as of  September 30, 2020 are summarized as follows (in thousands):
Year Ending December 31,
Amount
Remainder of 2020
2,500
2021
10,000
2022
10,000
2023
10,000
2024
10,000
Thereafter
1,955,000
Total
1,997,500
In  connection with the Second Lien Loan, the Company issued warrants to  purchase 7,934,794 shares of Class A common stock with an initial exercise price of $28.355 per share, subject to  adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, to the  Second Lien Loan lenders. The warrants expire on April 17, 2030 and  the exercise price can be settled in cash or in net shares at the holder’s option. The fair value of the  warrants at issuance was $116.6 million and was recorded as a liability  in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated  balance sheet with a corresponding debt discount recorded against the Second Lien Loan. The warrant  liability is remeasured to fair value at each reporting date as long as  the warrants remain outstanding and unexercised with changes in fair  value recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the  warrant liability increased $41.2 million during the nine months ended  September 30, 2020.
Revolving Credit Facility
In April  2016, the Company entered into a five-year unsecured revolving Credit  and Guarantee Agreement (the “Facility”) with a group of lenders led by  Bank of America, N.A. The Facility provides an initial borrowing  commitment by the lenders of $1.0 billion, which can be increased by a maximum of  $250.0 million. The Facility also provides a $100.0 million
sub-limit
for the issuance of letters of credit. The Facility includes a commitment fee of 0.125% per annum on any undrawn amounts.
F-46
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Outstanding  borrowings bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the  highest of: (i) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.50%; (ii) the rate of  interest in effect for such day by Bank of America as its “prime rate”;  or (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate for one month plus 1.00%. Borrowing  terms vary based on the type of borrowing with all outstanding balances being due on  April 26, 2021, the termination date of the Facility. Outstanding  balances may be repaid prior to maturity without penalty. The Facility  contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including restrictions on the Company’s and certain of its  subsidiaries’ ability to incur debt and liens, undergo fundamental  changes, and pay dividends or other distributions, as well as certain  financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December 31,  2019.
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019, there were no borrowings outstanding on the Facility and outstanding letters of credit totaled  $10.9 million and $53.0 million, respectively. On April 17,  2020, the Company terminated the Facility (unaudited). Letters of credit  under the Facility were transferred to new issuers upon the termination of the Facility (unaudited). As of  September 30, 2020 (unaudited), letters of credit totaled $55.6 million  and were secured by cash collateral of $55.6 million, which was recorded  as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet.
Note 12. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock
The  following table presents the Company’s authorized and outstanding  redeemable convertible preferred stock as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 (in thousands, except per share amounts):
Shares
Authorized
Shares
Issued and
Outstanding
Issuance
Price
Per Share
Carrying
Value
Aggregate
Liquidation
Preference
Series Seed
63,656
63,656
0.01
Series A
34,396
34,396
0.21
7,128
7,200
Series B
34,702
34,006
3.31
112,399
112,641
Series
1,904
1,412
1.11
1,560
1,560
Series C
33,920
33,920
5.90
199,741
200,000
Series D
25,530
20,900
20.36
421,108
425,470
Series E
34,000
32,224
46.55
1,488,438
1,499,867
Series F
19,110
19,110
52.50
1,000,576
1,003,312
Total
247,218
239,624
3,231,502
3,250,665
F-47
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents the Company’s authorized and outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share amounts):
Shares
Authorized
Shares
Issued and
Outstanding
Issuance
Price
Per Share
Carrying
Value
Aggregate
Liquidation
Preference
Series Seed
63,656
63,656
0.01
Series A
34,396
34,396
0.21
7,128
7,200
Series B
34,702
34,006
3.31
112,399
112,641
Series B-1
1,904
1,412
1.11
1,560
1,560
Series C
33,920
33,920
5.90
199,741
200,000
Series D
25,530
20,900
20.36
421,108
425,470
Series E
34,000
32,224
46.55
1,488,438
1,499,867
Series F
19,110
19,110
52.50
1,000,576
1,003,312
Total
247,218
239,624
3,231,502
3,250,665
The following summarizes the rights, preferences, and privileges of the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock:
Dividends
Holders of  redeemable convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive annual,  noncumulative dividends of at least 8% of the original issue price per  share, if, when and as declared by the Company’s board of directors  prior to payment of any dividends to common stockholders (other than dividends on shares of  common stock payable in common stock). After such dividends, any  additional dividends are payable on a pro rata basis to the holders of  common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock (assuming the conversion of redeemable convertible  preferred stock into common stock at the then current applicable  conversion price).
Liquidation Preference
Upon  any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the  Company or “Deemed Liquidation Event” (as defined below) (collectively, a  “Liquidation Event”), holders of redeemable convertible preferred stock  are entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution  to its stockholders before any payment to the holders of common stock,  an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the applicable  original issue price per share plus any declared but unpaid dividends or (ii) an amount per share as would  have been payable had all the shares of redeemable convertible preferred  stock been converted into common stock, at the then-applicable  conversion rate, immediately prior to the Liquidation Event (“Liquidation Amount”). In the event the Company has  insufficient assets to pay the holders of shares of redeemable  convertible preferred stock the full liquidation preference, the holders  of redeemable convertible preferred stock would be paid ratably in proportion to the full amounts  to which they would otherwise be entitled. Any assets of  the Company remaining after payment of the above liquidation  preference to the holders of redeemable convertible preferred stock will be distributed solely to holders of common stock,  pro rata, based on the number of shares held by each holder. A Deemed  Liquidation Event is defined to include (i) a sale, lease, transfer  or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets (other than to a  wholly-owned
F-48
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
subsidiary of the Company) or (ii) the merger or consolidation of  the Company in which the shares of capital stock of the Company  outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent immediately following such  merger or consolidation at least a majority, by voting power, of the  outstanding capital stock of the surviving or resulting corporation or  the parent corporation that wholly owns the surviving or resulting corporation. The Company classifies its  redeemable convertible preferred stock as mezzanine equity, or outside  of stockholders’ deficit, because the shares contain liquidation  features that are not solely within the Company’s control.
Conversion Rights
Each  share of redeemable convertible preferred stock is initially  convertible at the option of the holder into one share of common stock.  The conversion ratio is subject to adjustment upon certain issuances of  additional shares of common stock and other convertible securities as  well as upon the occurrence of certain common stock events (such as  stock splits or stock combinations).
All  shares of the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock  automatically convert into shares of Class B common stock, at the then-applicable conversion rate, upon the closing of a firm-commitment  underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration  statement resulting in at least $75.0 million of gross proceeds to  the Company, or the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of  redeemable convertible preferred stock as a single class on an
as-converted
basis; provided that such vote or consent will include the approval of holders of at least (i) a majority of the outstanding  shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock to convert all  of the outstanding shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred  stock in connection with a Deemed Liquidation Event in which the Series B redeemable convertible preferred  stockholders receive or would at the time of conversion be reasonably  be expected to receive less than the amount per share equal to the  applicable Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock Liquidation Amount; (ii) a majority of  the outstanding shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred  stock to convert all of the outstanding shares of Series C redeemable  convertible preferred stock in connection with a Deemed Liquidation Event in which the Series C  redeemable convertible preferred stockholders receive less than the  applicable Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock Liquidation  Amount; (iii) 66 2/3% of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock to convert all of the outstanding shares of  Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock in connection with a  Deemed Liquidation Event in which the Series D redeemable convertible  preferred stockholders receive less than the applicable Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock  Liquidation Amount; (iv) a majority of the outstanding shares of  Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock in connection with  (1) any Deemed Liquidation Event in which such holders of Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock  receive at the closing an amount per share less than the applicable  Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock Liquidation Amount or  (2) any equity financing of the Company in which the
pre-financing
valuation of the Company in such financing is $8.0 billion or  more; and (v) a majority of the outstanding shares of Series F  redeemable convertible preferred stock to convert all of the outstanding shares of Series F redeemable  convertible preferred stock in connection with a Deemed Liquidation  Event in which the Series F redeemable convertible preferred  stockholders receive less than the applicable Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock Liquidation Amount.
The Series C redeemable convertible preferred stockholders are entitled to an anti-dilution feature, whereby the conversion price of the Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock is adjusted based on
F-49
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
an adjustment formula in the Company’s Restated Certificate of  Incorporation for events triggered by the issuances and expiration of  certain qualifying equity awards to certain qualifying parties until the effective date of an IPO. As of both December 31,  2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), 1,286,694 of additional  shares of Class B common stock were reserved for issuance upon  conversion of the Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock based on the adjustments to the conversion  price due to the occurrence of such events.
Pursuant  to a conversion agreement entered into among the Company and the holders of Series D  redeemable convertible preferred stock, the holders of shares of Series D  redeemable convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive  additional shares of Class B common stock in respect of each share of Series D redeemable convertible  preferred stock (or common stock issuable upon conversion of such stock)  held by them based on a formula set forth in such agreement, in the  event that the offering price per share in the Company’s IPO is less than the original issue price of the Series D  redeemable convertible preferred stock.
Voting Rights
Except  as provided in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation,  holders of redeemable convertible preferred stock will vote together with the holders of common stock as a single class on an
as-converted
to common stock basis.
Redemption Rights
The  holders of the outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock do not have  redemption rights; however, as noted above, the Company’s Restated  Certificate of Incorporation provides that upon any voluntary or  involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or Deemed Liquidation Event such shares will  be entitled to receive the applicable Liquidation Amount.
Common Stock
The  Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company  to issue 710,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 710,000,000 shares of Class B common stock.  Both classes of common stock have a par value of $0.0001 per share.  Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share and  Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. A share of Class B common stock is convertible  into a share of Class A common stock voluntarily at any time by the  holder, and automatically upon the earlier of (i) the vote or  consent of holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock voting as a  separate class, and (ii) the
20-year
anniversary of the consummation of an IPO. In addition, a share of  Class B common stock is convertible into a share of Class A common stock automatically upon  an assignment, sale or other disposition of such share by the holder.  Under the Company’s dual-class common stock structure, outstanding stock  options and RSUs issued are exercisable for Class B common stock. All shares of outstanding  redeemable convertible preferred stock are initially convertible into  Class B common stock.
F-50
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the Company had shares of common stock reserved for issuance as follows (in thousands):
As of December 31,
As of
September 30,
2018
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Conversion of Series Seed, A, B,
B-1,
C, D, E, and F redeemable convertible preferred stock
240,912
240,911
240,911
2008 Equity Incentive Plan:
Stock options issued and outstanding
42,724
41,582
38,249
RSUs issued and outstanding
39,892
38,818
38,221
2018 Equity Incentive Plan:
Stock options issued and outstanding
3,476
4,684
6,409
RSUs issued and outstanding
14,786
37,262
51,916
Shares available for future grant
47,706
25,344
9,512
Assumed Equity Incentive Plan in the acquisition of HotelTonight:
Stock options issued and outstanding
RSUs issued and outstanding
Warrants exercisable for common stock (1)
7,935
Total
390,074
389,333
393,377
Includes the warrants reclassified to equity as of December 31, 2019 and those issued in connection with the Second Lien Loan as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited). Refer to
Class A Common Stock Warrants (Unaudited) and Class
B Common Stock Warrants
below for further discussion.
Class A Common Stock Warrants (Unaudited)
As described above in Note 11,
Debt
, in connection with the Second Lien Loan entered into in April
2020,  the Company issued warrants to purchase 7,934,794 shares of Class A  common stock with an initial exercise price of $28.355 per share,  subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, to the  Second Lien Loan lenders.
Class B Common Stock Warrants
In  connection with the closing of the Series E redeemable convertible  preferred stock financing in 2015, the Company issued warrants  exercisable for up to 429,672 shares of Class B common stock. The amount  exercisable was based on specific financial milestones achieved during  2018 and 2019. Due to the nature of the terms of the warrants, the  warrants qualified as a liability-classified derivative. The warrants were valued as of the issuance date using a  Monte Carlo simulation model with varying assumptions including booking  projections and probability of achievement. The warrants were marked to  market at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in sales and marketing expense, given  that the warrants are dependent on selling related activities. For the  years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, the changes in the  fair value of the warrant liability were not material. Based on the milestones achieved, as of  December 31, 2019, the warrants were exercisable for 237,756 shares  of Class B common stock and on December 31, 2019, the fair  value of the derivative warrant liability of $14.1 million was reclassified from liability to equity as it met  the requirements for permanent equity classification. During the nine  months ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the warrants were exercised  by the respective holders.
F-51
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
In  addition, in connection with the execution of a prior loan agreement,  the Company issued a warrant for 150,000 shares of Class B common stock, exercisable any  time through June 2019. In June 2019, the warrant was net exercised for  a total of 144,986 shares of Class B common stock.
Equity Incentive Plans
2008 Equity Incentive Plan
In  2008, the Company adopted the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2008  Plan”). The 2008 Plan provided for the issuance of incentive stock options (“ISOs”), nonqualified stock options  (“NQSOs”), restricted stock awards and RSUs. ISOs and NQSOs granted  under the 2008 Plan are at a price per share not less than the fair  value at date of grant.
2018 Equity Incentive Plan
In  2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018  Plan”) to replace the 2008 Plan. A total of 50.0 million shares of Class B common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2018  Plan and the 13.2 million shares remaining for issuance under the  2008 Plan were added to the number of shares available under the 2018  Plan. The expiration of the 2008 Plan had no impact on the terms of outstanding awards under that plan. All  unvested equity canceled under the 2008 Plan will be added to the 2018  Plan and made available for future issuance.
Assumed Equity Incentive Plan
In connection  with the acquisition of HotelTonight, the Company assumed stock options  and RSUs under HotelTonight’s equity incentive plan (the “Assumed  Equity Incentive Plan,” and together with the 2008 and 2018 Plans, the “Plans”). As of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020  (unaudited), a total of 246,998 and 181,782 shares of the Company’s  Class A common stock, respectively, were issuable upon exercise of  outstanding options under this assumed plan. The weighted-average exercise price of these outstanding  stock options was $22.69 per share and $22.65 per share as of  December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited). In addition,  as of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), a total of 55,148 and 42,580 RSUs, respectively,  were issued and outstanding under this assumed plan. No additional stock  options or RSUs may be granted under the Assumed Equity Incentive Plan.
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Unit Activity
The  fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of grant  using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the range of assumptions in the following table:
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Expected dividend yield
Volatility
47.4% - 49.8
44.5% - 44.8
41.8% - 44.3
41.8% - 44.3%
39.1% - 44.2%
Expected term (years)
1.9 - 8.0
8.0 - 8.5
5.0 - 8.0
5.0 - 8.0
5.1 - 8.0
Risk-free interest rate
1.2% - 2.1
2.8% - 3.2
1.5% - 2.5
1.5% - 2.5%
0.4% - 1.5%
F-52
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
A summary of option and RSU activity under the Plans was as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):
Outstanding
Stock Options
Outstanding
Restricted Stock Units
Shares
Available for
Grant
Number of
Shares
Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price
Number of
Shares
Weighted-
Average
Grant
Date Fair
Value
Balances as of December 31, 2018
47,706
46,200
8.73
54,678
38.94
Granted (1)
(26,502
1,944
55.79
24,906
61.80
Exercised/Vested (2)
(898
6.52
62.27
Canceled (3)
4,140
(734
50.93
(3,448
54.91
Balances as of December 31, 2019
25,344
46,512
10.08
76,136
45.69
Granted (1) (unaudited)
(27,593
2,489
39.64
25,104
38.93
Shares withheld for taxes (unaudited)
Exercised/Vested (2) (unaudited)
(3,266
1.66
(208
30.27
Canceled (3) (unaudited)
11,704
(896
54.89
(10,852
52.31
Balances as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)
9,512
44,839
11.43
90,180
43.05
The  outstanding options and RSUs include 290,236 options and  56,552 RSUs in 2019 that were granted from the Assumed Equity Incentive Plan. There were no options or RSUs  that were granted from the Assumed Equity Incentive Plan for the nine  months ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited).
The total RSUs that vested during 2019 were not material.
The  outstanding options and RSUs include cancellations of 36,342 and 45,302  options and 1,404 and no RSUs in 2019 and the nine months ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  respectively, from the Assumed Equity Incentive Plan that are no longer  available for future grants.
Number of
Shares (in
thousands)
Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price
Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life (years)
Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2019
46,512
10.08
4.15
2,298,685
Options exercisable as of December 31, 2019
42,474
5.81
3.73
2,276,062
Options outstanding as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)
44,839
11.43
3.79
1,172,157
Options exercisable as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)
40,430
7.50
3.25
1,168,683
During  the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months  ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), the weighted-average fair value of stock options granted  under the Plans was $24.27, $24.23, $33.46, $33.50, and $15.52 per  share, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018  and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), the aggregate intrinsic value  of stock options exercised was $25.7 million, $48.8 million,  $50.4 million, $45.6 million, and $94.8 million, respectively, and  the total grant-date fair value of stock options that vested was $12.7 million, $24.6 million,  $44.6 million, $37.6 million, and $32.9 million, respectively.
F-53
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  there was $109.4 million, $107.1 million, and $88.6 million,  respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock  option awards granted under the Plans. The unrecognized cost as of  December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited) is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average  period of 2.8 years and 2.7 years, respectively.
Nonemployee Stock Options
For  stock options granted to nonemployees, the Company uses the  Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value on the date of grant. Total nonemployee stock compensation recognized for the  years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended  September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited) was not material.
Common Shares Issued for Conversion of Convertible Note
In  connection with its Luxury Retreats acquisition, the Company entered  into an unsecured convertible promissory note with a stockholder of  Luxury Retreats. The note converted into 1,236,788 unvested shares of the  Company’s Class A common stock on May 15, 2017. The fair value  of the shares issued upon conversion of the note was $64.9 million  and is recognized as compensation expense within product development expenses over the  four-year vesting period. The Company recognized compensation expense,  in product development within the consolidated statements of operations,  of $10.8 million, $19.6 million, $34.5 million and $34.5 million for the years  ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended  September 30, 2019 (unaudited), respectively. The Company fully expensed  the shares issued in the third quarter of 2019 as a result of the termination of the stockholder’s employment  (unaudited).
Restricted Stock Units
Substantially  all of the Company’s RSUs vest upon the satisfaction of both a  service-based and a liquidity-event performance-based requirement. The service-based vesting condition for these awards is generally  satisfied over four years. The liquidity-based vesting condition is  satisfied upon (i) an IPO or (ii) change in control of the Company as  defined in the Company’s equity incentive plans. The RSUs vest on the first date upon which both the  service-based and liquidity-event performance-based requirements are  satisfied. If the RSUs vest, the Company will deliver one share of  common stock for each vested RSU on the settlement date.
As  of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the Company  had concluded that the liquidity-event performance-based vesting condition had not been met nor was it probable of being  satisfied. As a result, the Company has not recorded any stock-based  compensation expense to date for any RSUs with a liquidity-event  performance-based vesting condition. In the period in which the liquidity-event performance-based condition becomes  probable, the Company will record a cumulative
catch-up
expense for the service period completed to such date and will begin  recording stock-based compensation expense using the accelerated attribution  method, net of forfeitures, based on the grant-date fair value of the  RSUs for awards where the service period is not complete. Had the  liquidity-event performance-based vesting condition been probable as of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020  (unaudited), the Company would have recognized $2.2 billion and $2.7  billion, respectively, of stock-based
F-54
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
compensation expense relating to the RSUs then outstanding, for which  the service-based vesting condition was satisfied or partially satisfied  as of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited).
The  remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to  these RSUs was $0.8 billion as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited). This amount represents the remaining expense expected to be  recognized had the liquidity-event performance-based and service-based  requirements been met on September 30, 2020 (unaudited).
In  November 2019, the Company also began granting RSUs with a  service-based vesting condition only. Service-based RSUs are measured  based on the grant-date fair value. In general, the Company’s RSUs vest over a  service period of four years. Stock-based compensation expense is  recognized based on the straight-line basis over the requisite service  period. During the year ended December 31, 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2020  (unaudited), the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense  totaling $12.0 million and $81.6 million, respectively, related to  these RSUs.
As  of December 31, 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), there was  $340.0 million and $274.6 million, respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs with only service-based  vesting requirements, and these amounts are expected to be recognized  over a weighted-average period of 3.8 years and 3.1 years (unaudited),  respectively.
Restricted Common Stock
The  Company has granted restricted common stock to certain continuing employees,  primarily in connection with acquisitions. Vesting of this stock is  primarily dependent on a service-based vesting condition that generally  becomes satisfied over a period of four years. The Company has the right to repurchase or cancel shares for  which the vesting condition is not satisfied.
The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company’s restricted common stock (in thousands, except for per share amounts):
Number of
Shares
Weighted-Average
Grant-Date Fair Value
Per Share
Unvested restricted common stock as of December 31, 2018
53.36
Issued
62.48
Vested
(726
52.74
Unvested restricted common stock as of December 31, 2019
62.26
Issued (unaudited)
Vested (unaudited)
(114
61.73
Unvested restricted common stock as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited)
62.30
F-55
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Stock-Based Compensation
The following table summarizes total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Operations and support
1,841
1,968
2,869
Product development
20,309
33,895
56,632
44,991
64,088
Sales and marketing
5,997
12,465
23,919
17,074
11,979
General and administrative
10,210
5,565
16,179
9,962
31,689
Restructuring charges
(1,849
Total
38,357
53,893
97,547
72,310
108,776
The  Company recognized an income tax benefit of $0.9 million,  $3.6 million, $9.8 million, and $0.9 million in the consolidated statements of operations for  stock-based compensation arrangements in the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September  30, 2019 (unaudited), respectively. The Company did not recognize any income tax benefit in the consolidated statement of  operations for stock-based compensation arrangements in the nine months  ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited).
Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
The Company has commitments including purchase obligations for
web-hosting
services and other commitments for brand marketing. The following table presents these
non-cancelable
commitments and obligations as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
Total
Less than
1 year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5 years
More than
5 years
Purchase obligations
1,200,000
175,000
440,000
585,000
Other commitments
318,000
14,000
72,000
74,000
158,000
Total
1,518,000
189,000
512,000
659,000
158,000
The following table presents these non-cancelable commitments and obligations as of September 30, 2020 (unaudited) (in thousands):
Total
Less than
1 year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5 years
More than
5 years
Purchase obligations
1,186,667
80,000
240,000
396,667
470,000
Other commitments
314,000
35,750
74,000
75,500
128,750
Total
1,500,667
115,750
314,000
472,167
598,750
F-56
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Extenuating Circumstances Policy (Unaudited)
In  March 2020, the Company applied its extenuating circumstances policy to  cancellations resulting from COVID-19. That policy provides hosts and guests with greater flexibility to cancel reservations that are  disrupted by epidemics, natural disasters, and other emergencies.  Specifically, accommodation bookings made by guests on or before March  14, 2020, have so far been covered by the policy and may be canceled before check-in. To support hosts impacted by  elevated guest cancellations under that policy, the Company committed up  to $250 million for hosts. The eligible reservations for this $250  million host program were defined as reservations made on or before March 14, 2020 with a check-in date  between March 14, 2020 and May 31, 2020. For these reservations,  eligible hosts are entitled to receive 25% of the amount they would have  received from guests under the host’s cancellation policies. These payments are accounted for as consideration  paid to a customer and as such, are expected to result in a reduction  to revenue. Under this policy, the Company recorded $204.4 million of  payments, primarily for hosts, in its consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended  September 30, 2020.
Lodging Tax Obligations and Other
Non-Income
Tax Matters
Some  states and localities in the United States and elsewhere in the world impose transient occupancy or lodging accommodations taxes (“Lodging  Taxes”) on the use or occupancy of lodging accommodations or other  traveler services. The Company collects and remits Lodging Taxes in more  than 29,500 jurisdictions on behalf of its hosts. Such Lodging Taxes are generally remitted to tax  jurisdictions within a 30 to
90-day
period following the end of each month.
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited),  the Company had an obligation to remit Lodging Taxes collected from  guests who had stayed in these jurisdictions totaling $85.7 million,  $103.7 million, and $138.0 million, respectively. These payables  were recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the  consolidated balance sheets.
In  jurisdictions where the Company does not collect and remit Lodging  Taxes, the responsibility for collecting and remitting these taxes  primarily rests with hosts. The Company has estimated liabilities in a  certain number of jurisdictions with respect to state, city, and local  taxes related to lodging where management believes it is probable that  the Company can be held jointly liable with hosts for taxes and the related amounts can be reasonably  estimated. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30,  2020 (unaudited), accrued obligations related to these estimated taxes,  including estimated penalties and interest, totaled $95.7 million, $138.4 million, and $51.8  million, respectively. With respect to lodging and related taxes for  which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable  to determine an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts already accrued.
The  Company’s potential obligations with respect to Lodging Taxes could be affected by various factors, which include, but are not limited to,  whether the Company determines, or any tax authority asserts, that the  Company has a responsibility to collect lodging and related taxes on  either historical or future transactions or by the introduction of new ordinances and taxes which subject the  Company’s operations to such taxes. Accordingly, the ultimate resolution  of Lodging Taxes may be greater or less than reserve amounts that the  Company has recorded.
The  Company is currently involved in lawsuits brought by certain states and  localities involving the payment of Lodging Taxes. These jurisdictions  are asserting that the Company is liable or jointly liable with
F-57
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
hosts to collect and remit Lodging Taxes. These lawsuits are in various  stages and the Company continues to vigorously defend these claims. The  Company believes that the statutes at issue impose a Lodging Tax obligation on the person exercising the taxable privilege  of providing accommodations, or the Company’s hosts. In March 2020, a  fourth District Court of Appeal affirmed that the Company is not a  dealer under the Florida and County Tourist Development Tax Law, and therefore not liable for collecting  Lodging Taxes (unaudited). Accordingly, the Company concluded in the  first quarter of 2020 that the liabilities accrued in all Florida  counties were no longer probable and reduced its reserves for Lodging Taxes by $87.0 million, including interest  (unaudited). The ultimate resolution of all remaining unresolved  lawsuits cannot be determined at this time.
The  imposition of such taxes on the Company could increase the cost of  a guest booking and potentially cause a reduction in the volume of bookings on the Company’s platform, which would adversely impact  the Company’s results of operations. The Company will continue  to monitor the application and interpretation of lodging and related  taxes and ordinances and will adjust accruals based on any new information or further developments.
The Company is under audit and inquiry by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regard to
non-income
tax matters. The subject matter of these contingent liabilities  primarily arises from the Company’s transactions with its hosts and  guests, as well as the tax treatment of certain employee benefits and related employment taxes. In  jurisdictions with disputes connected to transactions with hosts and  guests, disputes involve the applicability of transactional taxes (such  as sales, value-added, and similar taxes) to services provided, as well as the applicability of withholding  tax on payments made to such hosts. Due to the inherent complexity and  uncertainty of these matters and judicial processes in certain  jurisdictions, the final outcomes may exceed the estimated liabilities recorded. During the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September  30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), the Company recorded $61.0 million  of tax expense, $49.6 million of tax expense, $4.0 million of tax benefit, $5.4 million of tax benefit,  and $19.0 million of tax expense related to estimated hosts’ withholding  tax obligations, respectively. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019  and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the Company accrued a total of $122.0 million,  $118.1 million, and $137.0 million of estimated tax liabilities  related to hosts’ withholding tax obligations, respectively. In  addition, as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September 30, 2020 (unaudited), the Company accrued a total of  $35.6 million, $55.4 million, and $58.6 million of estimated  tax liabilities related to certain employee benefits and related  employment taxes, respectively. Refer to Note 14,
Income Taxes,
for further discussion on other tax matters.
Legal and Regulatory Matters
The  Company has been and is currently a party to various legal and  regulatory matters arising in the normal course of business. Such  proceedings and claims, even if not meritorious, can require significant financial  and operational resources, including the diversion of management’s  attention from the Company’s business objectives.
Regulatory Matters
The  Company operates in a complex legal and regulatory environment and its operations are  subject to various U.S. and foreign laws, rules, and regulations,  including those related to: Internet activities; short-term rentals,  long-term rentals and home sharing; real estate, property rights, housing and land use; travel
F-58
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
and hospitality; privacy and data protection; intellectual property;  competition; health and safety; protection of minors; consumer  protection; employment; payments; taxation; and others. In addition, the nature of the Company’s business exposes it to inquiries  and potential claims related to the compliance of the business with  applicable law and regulations. In some instances, applicable laws and  regulations do not yet exist or are being applied, interpreted or implemented to address aspects of the  Company’s business, and such adoption or interpretation could further  alter or impact the Company’s business.
In  certain instances, the Company has been party to litigation with  municipalities relating to or arising out of certain regulations. In  addition, the implementation and enforcement of regulation can have an impact on the  Company’s business.
New York, New York.
In 2010, New York amended its state law to ban the short-term rental of multiple dwelling  units in New York City unless a permanent resident is present during the  stay. In October 2016, the state amended the law to also ban the  advertising of such short-term rentals, and the Company filed a lawsuit against both the state and the city of  New York challenging the applicability of the 2016 amendment to the  Company. In November and December 2016, the Company settled the lawsuit  against the state and the city, respectively, with each agreeing not to enforce the amended law against  the Company. Separately, New York City interprets its Administrative  Code to bar or regulate short-term rentals in New York City unless  specific requirements are met. In July 2018, New York City enacted a new law requiring home sharing platforms  to disclose detailed data on hosts and listings to the city on a monthly  basis. In August 2018, the Company filed a lawsuit against the city  challenging the new data disclosure law on constitutional and statutory grounds. In January 2019, a federal  judge entered a preliminary injunction barring the law from going into  effect. On February 13, 2020, the parties requested that the Court  stay the action so that the parties could explore settlement. Absent settlement, summary judgment  proceedings will proceed in 2020. In June 2020, the Company settled its  lawsuit with New York City (unaudited). Under the terms of the  settlement, the city ordinance was amended to reduce the number of listings subject to data sharing and to provide  for the confidentiality of data (unaudited). The revised ordinance will  go into effect in January 2021 (unaudited).
Japan
.  In June 2018, a new national law, the Japanese Private Lodging Act (Act  No. 65 of 2017), went into effect to legalize the short-term rental of primary and secondary residences in Japan for up to  180 nights per fiscal year. Under the law, hosts are required to  register their rental with the local government. The Company is also  required to register as an intermediary
(bai-kai)
with the  Japanese Tourism Agency, and the law prohibits any registered  intermediary from intermediating an illegal listing, including  unregistered listings. The Company is required to remove listings that do not post a valid registration/license number. At  the time of the law’s implementation, the Company took down a  significant number of listings and canceled associated reservations. The  Company is continuing to take steps to fully comply with the law.
Paris, France.
In December 2017, Paris further tightened the rules around short-term  rental regulations. Hosts of entire primary and secondary homes offered for short-term  rentals are required to obtain and display a registration number from  the city in any advertising of the rental in order to demonstrate  compliance. In February 2018, the City of Paris initiated legal proceedings against the Company after it claimed  to have discovered 67
non-registered
listings on the Company’s platform, and sought an injunctive order to  compel the Company to enforce compliance of the hosts’ registration obligations for existing  and future listings. In March 2019, the court dismissed the case.  Separately, in February 2019, the
F-59
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
City of Paris launched a second proceeding on similar grounds based on  1,010 illegal listings with a damages demand of 12.6 million Euros.  The second case is still pending and a decision is expected in the first quarter of 2021 at the earliest (unaudited). The  Company continues to engage with the City of Paris and the national  government to find a solution for the regulation of short-term rentals  (unaudited).
In  addition to the above matters, the Company has been and is currently  party or subject to various other government inquiries, investigations  and proceedings related to legal and regulatory requirements. For example,  the Company is required to comply with governmental economic and trade  sanctions laws administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s  Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and other similar international agencies. In many cases, these  inquiries, investigations and proceedings can be complex, time  consuming, costly to investigate, and can require significant company  and management attention. For certain matters, the Company has investigated and is implementing  recommended changes to its managerial, operational and compliance  practices. The Company is unable to predict the outcomes and  implications on the Company’s business, industry practices or online commerce more generally. Furthermore, the outcome of  these proceedings could materially adversely affect the Company’s  business, results of operations, and financial condition, including  possible fines and penalties and requiring changes to operational activities and procedures.
Intellectual Property
The  Company has been and is currently subject to claims relating to  intellectual property, including alleged patent infringement. Adverse  results in such lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly  royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing the Company from  offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and  may also cause the Company to change its business practices or require development of
non-infringing
products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenue or  otherwise harm its business. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such cases and has not recorded any  material liabilities in its consolidated financial statements related to  such matters.
Litigation and Other Legal Proceedings
The  Company has been and is currently subject involved in litigation and  legal proceedings and subject to legal claims in the ordinary course of business. In addition to the above, these include legal claims  asserting, among other things, commercial, competition, tax, employment,  pricing, discrimination, consumer, personal injury, and property  rights.
Depending  on the nature of the claim, the Company may be subject to monetary  damage awards, fines, penalties, and/or injunctive orders. Furthermore, the outcome of these matters could materially adversely affect the  Company’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. The  outcomes of legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject  to significant judgment to determine the likelihood and amount of loss related to such matters.  While it is not possible to determine the outcomes, the Company believes  based on its current knowledge that the resolution of all such pending  matters will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the  Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash  flows.
The  Company establishes an accrued liability for loss contingencies related  to legal matters when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. These accruals represent management’s best estimate of
F-60
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
probable losses. Such currently accrued amounts are not material to the  Company’s consolidated financial statements. However, management’s views  and estimates related to these matters may change in the future, as new events and circumstances arise and the  matters continue to develop. Until the final resolution of legal  matters, there may be an exposure to losses in excess of the amounts  accrued. With respect to outstanding legal matters, based on current knowledge, the amount or range of reasonably  possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a  material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of  operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Legal fees are expensed as incurred.
Host Protections
The  Company offers a Host Guarantee Program that provides protection of up  to $1.0 million for direct physical loss or damage to a host’s covered property caused by guests during a confirmed booking and when  the host and guest are unable to resolve the dispute. The  Company retains risk and also maintains insurance from third  parties on a per claim basis to protect the Company’s financial exposure under this program. In addition, through  third-party insurers and self-insurance mechanisms, including a  wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary created during the year ended  December 31, 2019, the Company provides insurance coverage for third-party bodily injury or  property damage liability claims that occur during a stay. This host  protection insurance offering consists of a commercial general liability  policy, with hosts and the Company as named insureds and landlords of hosts as additional insureds. The host  protection insurance program provides primary coverage for up to  $1.0 million per occurrence, subject to a $1.0 million cap per  listing location, and includes various market standard conditions, limitations, and exclusions.
Indemnifications
The  Company has entered into indemnification agreements with certain of its  officers and directors. The indemnification agreements and the Company’s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) require the Company  to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent not prohibited by  Delaware law. Subject to certain limitations, the indemnification  agreements and Bylaws also require the Company to advance expenses incurred by its directors  and officers. No demands have been made upon the Company to provide  indemnification under the indemnification agreements or the Bylaws, and  thus, there are no claims that the Company is aware of that could have a material adverse effect on the  Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash  flows.
In  the ordinary course of business, the Company has included limited  indemnification provisions under certain agreements with parties with  whom the Company has commercial relations of varying scope and terms with respect  to certain matters, including losses arising out of its breach of such  agreements or out of intellectual property infringement claims made by  third parties. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification  provisions due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims  and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular  provision. To date, no significant costs have been incurred, either individually or collectively, in connection  with the Company’s indemnification provisions.
F-61
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 14. Income Taxes
The domestic and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes were as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
Domestic
(12,119
(73,711
(153,154
Foreign
(46,980
120,744
(258,549
Income (loss) before income taxes
(59,099
47,033
(411,703
The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
Current
Federal
7,573
223,673
State
4,153
5,236
5,930
Foreign
10,997
56,101
38,660
Total current provision for income taxes
15,127
68,910
268,263
Deferred
Federal
(2,876
(2,136
(1,563
State
(248
Foreign
(1,309
(2,911
(3,816
Total deferred benefit for income taxes
(4,180
(5,017
(5,627
Total provision for income taxes
10,947
63,893
262,636
F-62
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following is a reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate:
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
Expected income tax expense at federal statutory rate
35.0
21.0
21.0
State taxes, net of federal benefits
(5.1
(0.2
Foreign tax rate differential
(42.1
(19.5
Stock-based compensation
(4.2
(2.2
(0.9
Acquisition related expenses
(0.3
(0.3
Other statutorily
non-deductible
expenses
(10.9
14.0
(2.6
Research and development credits
13.9
(32.5
(0.9
Uncertain tax positions—prior year positions
38.0
(53.0
Uncertain tax positions—current year positions
(3.5
21.3
(4.2
Impact of U.S. tax reform
(87.6
Other
Change in valuation allowance
80.7
60.9
(3.4
Effective tax rate
(18.5
135.8
(63.8
For  the year ended December 31, 2017, the difference in the Company’s  effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory tax rate was primarily due to a revaluation of the  Company’s U.S. deferred tax assets from 35% to 21% as a result of U.S.  tax reform, the recording of a full valuation allowance on its U.S.  deferred tax assets, the realization of losses in zero rated foreign jurisdictions, and an income tax benefit  of $2.8 million associated with Alternative Minimum Tax (“AMT”)  credit carryovers due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
For  the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the difference in the  Company’s effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory tax rate was primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, the  Company’s full valuation allowance on its U.S. deferred tax assets, and  the Company’s uncertain tax positions.
F-63
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
As of December 31,
2018
2019
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards
15,685
41,132
Tax credit carryforwards
58,128
61,141
Accruals and reserves
39,255
53,690
Non-income
tax accruals
43,947
60,674
Stock-based compensation
32,777
38,230
Operating lease liabilities
77,536
Intangible assets
768,521
Other
15,296
15,671
Gross deferred tax assets
205,088
1,116,595
Valuation allowance
(190,583
(1,024,005
Total deferred tax assets
14,505
92,590
Deferred tax liabilities:
Property and equipment basis differences
(7,543
(17,303
Operating lease assets
(70,200
Other
(1,107
Total deferred tax liabilities
(8,650
(87,503
Total net deferred tax assets
5,855
5,087
In December 2019, the Company transferred certain intangible assets among its wholly-owned subsidiaries to align its structure to its evolving operations. The transfer resulted in a
step-up
in the tax basis of intellectual property rights and a correlated  increase in foreign deferred tax assets of $789.6 million. Based on available objective evidence, management believes it is not
more-likely-than-not
that these additional foreign deferred tax assets will be realizable as of December 31, 2019 and, therefore, these deferred tax assets are offset by a full valuation allowance.
On  December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the  “Act”). The Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code,  including, but not limited to: (i) reducing the U.S. federal  corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; (ii) requiring companies to pay a
one-time
transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign  subsidiaries; (iii) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes  on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (iv) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal  taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations;  and (v) creating the base erosion anti-abuse tax, a new minimum  tax. ASC 740, Income Taxes, (“ASC 740”) requires companies to recognize the effect of the tax  law changes in the period of enactment. However, the Securities and  Exchange Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118, Income  Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which allows companies to record  provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one  year of the enactment date. The Company’s accounting for the tax  effects of the Act was completed during the year ended December 31, 2018, as described below.
F-64
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had made a reasonable estimate of the effects on its existing deferred tax balances and the
one-time
transition tax and recorded provisional amounts in the financial  statements. The Company remeasured certain deferred tax assets and  liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, which is  generally 21%. The provisional amount recorded related to the  remeasurement of the Company’s deferred tax balance was  $44.3 million, which was offset by the corresponding movement in valuation allowance. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the  Company completed its analysis to determine the effect of the Act and  recorded reductions to its prior year unrecognized tax benefits of  $10.2 million.
one-time
transition tax is based on the Company’s accumulated foreign subsidiary  earnings not previously subject to U.S. income tax. The Company did not record a  provisional amount for transition tax because the accumulated foreign  subsidiary earnings were in an overall deficit.
Other significant items which were evaluated by the Company include the impact of the Global Intangible
Low-Taxed
Income (“GILTI”) and  Foreign-derived Intangible Income (“FDII”) provisions of the Act. The  GILTI provision imposes taxes on foreign earnings in excess of a deemed  return on tangible assets. Regarding the new GILTI tax rules, the Company is  required to make an accounting policy election to either treat taxes due  on future GILTI inclusions in U.S. taxable income as a current period  expense when incurred or reflect such portion of the future GILTI inclusions in U.S. taxable income that  relate to existing basis differences in the Company’s current  measurement of deferred taxes. The Company elected to account for GILTI  under the Act as a period cost when the expense is incurred. The FDII imposes taxes on the excess returns earned  directly by a U.S. company from foreign sales or services. The  accounting for the deduction for FDII is similar to a special deduction  and should be accounted for based on the guidance in
ASC 740-10-25-37.
The tax benefits for special deductions ordinarily are recognized no earlier than the year in which they are deductible on the tax return.
In  determining the need for a valuation allowance, the Company weighs both  positive and negative evidence in the various jurisdictions in which it operates to determine  whether it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets are  recoverable. In assessing the ultimate realizability of its deferred tax  assets, the Company considers all available evidence, including cumulative historic and forecasted losses,  and as such, does not believe it is more likely than not that its U.S.  and Ireland deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly, a full  valuation allowance has been established in the United States and Ireland, and no deferred tax assets  and related tax benefit have been recognized in the accompanying  financial statements. There is, however, no valuation allowance in  certain foreign jurisdictions that have cumulative income and expected future income.
For  the year ended December 31, 2017, the net decrease in the  Company’s valuation allowance compared to the prior year was primarily due to a decrease in  net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards as a result of current  year utilization and the remeasurement of the remaining deferred tax  assets and liabilities due to the reduced 21% tax rate under the Act. The decrease was partially offset by  an increase in accruals and reserves. For the year ended  December 31, 2018, the net increase in the Company’s valuation  allowance compared to the prior year was primarily due to an increase in tax credits generated, accruals,  reserves, and stock-based compensation. For the year ended  December 31, 2019, the net increase in the Company’s valuation  allowance compared to the prior year was primarily due to the
step-up
in tax basis of intellectual
F-65
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
property rights created upon an intra-entity transfer, and the  corresponding recording of valuation allowance, an increase in tax  credits generated, accruals, reserves, and stock-based compensation.
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had net operating loss  carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of $15.9 million and $116.7 million, respectively. The federal  net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning  in 2034. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had federal  research and development tax credit carryforwards of $51.7 million and $84.1 million,  respectively. The research and development tax credits will expire  beginning in 2034 if not utilized.
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had net operating loss  carryforwards for state income tax purposes of $136.3 million and $167.6 million, respectively. The state net operating loss  carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2033. As of  December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had state research and  development carryforwards and enterprise zone tax credit carryforwards of $48.0 million and $78.5 million,  respectively. The research and development tax credits do not expire,  and the enterprise zone tax credits will expire, if not utilized,  beginning in 2023.
The  Tax Reform Act of 1986 and similar California legislation impose  substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating losses and  tax credit carryforwards in the event that there is a change in ownership as  provided by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar  state provisions. Such a limitation could result in the expiration of  the net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits before utilization.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the Company’s total gross unrecognized tax benefits was as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2017
2018
2019
Balance at beginning of period
37,927
47,510
69,837
Gross increases related to prior year tax positions
1,736
21,640
237,973
Gross decreases related to prior year tax positions
(385
(11,792
(5,029
Gross increases related to current year tax positions
8,232
18,644
36,502
Reductions due to settlements with taxing authorities
(6,083
(2,296
Reduction due to lapse in statute of limitations
(260
Balance at end of period
47,510
69,837
336,727
The  Company corrected the total gross unrecognized tax benefits for the  year ended December 31, 2019. The correction resulted in additional gross increases related to prior year and current  year tax positions of $64.4 million and $3.2 million, respectively, for  the previous netting of certain deferred tax assets.
The  Company is in various stages of examination in connection with its  ongoing tax audits globally, and it is difficult to determine when these examinations will be settled. The Company believes that an adequate  provision has been recorded for any adjustments that may result from tax  audits. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with  certainty. If any issues addressed in the Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with  management’s expectations, the Company may be required to record an  adjustment to the provision for income taxes in the period such  resolution occurs. It is
F-66
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
reasonably possible that over the next
12-month
period the Company may experience an increase or decrease in its  unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax examinations or lapses of the statute of limitations. However, an  estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change in the next  twelve months cannot be made.
As  of December 31, 2018 and 2019, $31.2 million and  $266.4 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits  represents the amount that would, if recognized, impact the Company’s effective income tax  rate.
In  accordance with the Company’s accounting policy, it recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax  benefits in the provision for income taxes. The Company’s accrual for  interest and penalties was $5.8 million and $41.4 million as  of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The  Company’s significant tax jurisdictions include the United States,  California, and Ireland. The Company is currently under examination for income taxes by the Internal Revenue Service  (“IRS”) for the 2013 tax year. The Company is in the process of  providing documentation in response to the inquiry. The primary issue  under examination is the valuation of the Company’s international intellectual property which was sold to a  subsidiary in 2013. In the year ended December 31, 2019, new  information became available which required the Company to remeasure its  reserve for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recorded additional tax expense of  $196.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2019.
On July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court (the “Tax Court”) issued an opinion in
Altera Corp. v. Commissioner
(the  “Tax Court Opinion”), which concluded that related parties in a cost  sharing arrangement are not required to share expenses related to stock-based compensation. The Tax Court Opinion was  appealed by the Commissioner to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals (the  “Ninth Circuit”). On June 7, 2019, the Ninth Circuit issued an  opinion (the “Ninth Circuit Opinion”) that reversed the Tax Court Opinion. On July 22,  2019, Altera Corp. filed a petition for a rehearing before the full  Ninth Circuit. On November 12, 2019, the Ninth Circuit denied  Altera Corp.’s petition for rehearing its case. The Company accordingly recognized tax expense of  $26.6 million related to changes in uncertain tax positions during  the year ended December 31, 2019. The Company will continue to  monitor future developments in this case to determine if there will be further impacts to its consolidated  financial statements.
In  addition, in June 2018, the Company reached a preliminary settlement with certain tax authorities with regard to a  transfer pricing audit. The Company used the new information obtained in  the settlement to remeasure its reserve for unrecognized tax benefits  in other jurisdictions relating to similar positions. The net impact to the provision for income taxes in  2018 as a result of the settlement and remeasurement was  $34.6 million. There are other ongoing audits in various other  jurisdictions that are not material to the Company’s financial statements. The Company’s 2008 to 2018 tax years  remain subject to examination in the United States and California due to  tax attributes and statutes of limitations, and its 2014 to 2018 tax  years remain subject to examination in Ireland. The Company remains subject to possible  examination in various other jurisdictions that are not expected to  result in material tax adjustments.
The  Company’s policy with respect to its undistributed foreign  subsidiaries’ earnings is to consider those earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. As discussed above, the Act required a
one-time
transition tax on previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profit. Correspondingly, all undistributed
F-67
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
earnings were deemed to be taxed in 2017 and distribution of the  unremitted earnings will not have any significant U.S. federal and state  income tax impact. The Company has not provided for the remaining tax effect, if any, of limited outside basis differences of  its foreign subsidiaries. The determination of the future tax  consequences of the remittance of these earnings is not practicable.
For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 (Unaudited)
The  Company’s tax provision for interim periods is determined using an  estimated annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items arising in that quarter. In each quarter, the Company updates the estimated  annual effective tax rate and makes a year-to-date adjustment to the  provision. The estimated annual effective tax rate is subject to  significant volatility due to several factors, including accurately predicting the Company’s pre-tax and taxable income  and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate,  intercompany transactions, audit-related developments, and changes in  statutes, regulations, case law, and administrative actions. Additionally, the Company’s effective tax rate  can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income or  loss.
The  Company recorded an income tax provision of $253.2 million and $7.4  million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020,  respectively. The decrease is primarily due to the remeasurement of unrecognized tax  benefits in the second quarter of 2019, associated with the examination  of income taxes by the IRS for the 2013 tax year.
The  Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”) was  enacted by the United States on March 27, 2020. Through the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the CARES Act has not had a material  impact on the provision for income taxes.
The  Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits were $383.8 million as of September 30, 2020.  If the gross unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2020 were  realized in a subsequent period, this would result in a tax benefit of  $276.7 million within the Company’s provision of income taxes at such time. The amount of interest  and penalties accrued was $49.8 million as of September 30, 2020. The  Company expects to continue to accrue unrecognized tax benefits for  certain recurring tax positions.
Changes  in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and  interpretations may impact the Company’s tax contingencies. The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain,  and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues  raised by the taxing authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It  is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months we will receive additional assessments by  various tax authorities or possibly reach resolution of income tax  examinations in one or more jurisdictions.
The  Company is in the process of providing documentation to the Internal  Revenue Service in connection with an examination of the Company’s 2013 income taxes with the primary issue under examination being the  valuation of the Company’s international intellectual property which was  sold to a subsidiary in 2013. In September 2020, the Company received a  Draft Notice of Proposed Adjustment from the IRS which proposes an increase to the Company’s U.S. taxable  income that could result in additional income tax expense and cash  liability of $1.35 billion, subject to penalties and interest. If the  IRS prevails in the assessment of additional tax due based on its position, the assessed tax, interest,  and penalties, if any exceeding the Company’s current reserves, could  have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial position,  results of operations, and cash flows. Following formal receipt of the Revenue Agent’s
F-68
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
adjustment, which the Company anticipates late in the fourth quarter of  2020, it intends to vigorously contest the IRS’s proposed adjustment,  including through all administrative and, if necessary, judicial remedies which may include: entering into  administrative settlement discussions with the IRS Independent Office of  Appeals (“IRS Appeals”) in 2021, and if necessary petitioning the U.S.  Tax Court (“Tax Court”) for redetermination if an acceptable outcome cannot be reached with IRS  Appeals, and finally, and if necessary, appealing the Tax Court’s  decision to the appropriate appellate court. The Company believes that  adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from these examinations.
During  the third quarter of 2020, the Company approved a restructuring plan to repatriate its intellectual property to the United States to  align with its evolving operations in a post-COVID-19 environment. The  transaction is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2020.  The effects of the transaction are included in the estimated annual effective tax rate. As a result of the  approved transaction, the tax benefit of $100.0 million related to the  five-year net operating loss carryback provision of the CARES Act  accrued in the first two quarters of 2020 was reversed in the third quarter of 2020. In the fourth quarter of  2020, the Company expects to eliminate a $789.6 million foreign  deferred tax asset related to the tax basis of intellectual rights that  are being repatriated back to the United States. The foreign deferred tax asset was offset by a full valuation  allowance. Also, the transaction is intended to create a U.S. deferred  tax asset of $98.5 million resulting from a step-up in the tax basis of  certain repatriated intellectual property. Based on available objective evidence, management believes it  is not more-likely-than-not that these additional U.S. deferred tax  assets will be realizable as of September 30, 2020 and, therefore, these  deferred tax assets are offset by a full valuation allowance.
Note 15. Net Loss per Share and Unaudited Pro Forma Net Loss per Share
The  following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net  loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the periods  indicated (in thousands, except per share amounts):
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders
(70,046
(16,860
(674,339
(322,801
(696,865
Weighted-average shares in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
255,006
256,326
260,556
259,946
263,726
Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
(0.27
(0.07
(2.59
(1.24
(2.64
The  rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders  of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Each  share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share and  each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per  share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible into a share of Class A common stock  voluntarily at any
F-69
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
time by the holder, and automatically upon certain events. The  Class A common stock has no conversion rights. As the liquidation  and dividend rights are identical for Class A and Class B common stock, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a  proportional basis and the resulting net loss per share attributable to  common stockholders will, therefore, be the same for both Class A  and Class B common stock on an individual or combined basis.
There  were no preferred dividends declared or accumulated for the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2018, 2019 or nine months ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited). As of  December 31, 2017 and 2018, RSUs to be settled in 42,980,770 and  54,677,888 shares of Class B common stock, and warrants to purchase  436,530 and 191,916 shares of Class B common stock, were outstanding, respectively, and were excluded from the  table below because they are subject to performance conditions that  were not achieved as of this date. As of December 31, 2019, RSUs to  be settled in 70,205,104 shares of Class B common stock and 642,166 restricted stock awards were  excluded from the table below because they are subject to performance  conditions that were not achieved as of such date. As of September 30,  2019 (unaudited), RSUs to be settled in 70,695,446 shares of Class B common stock, 642,166 restricted stock  awards, and warrants to purchase 191,916 of Class B common stock were  excluded from the table below because they are subject to performance  conditions that were not achieved as of such date. As of September 30, 2020 (unaudited), RSUs to be settled in  84,011,392 shares of Class B common stock and 642,166 restricted stock  awards were excluded from the table below because they are subject to  performance conditions that were not achieved as of such date.
Additionally, the following securities were not included in the computation of diluted shares outstanding because the effect would be anti-dilutive (in thousands):
As of December 31,
As of September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
Warrants
7,935
Escrow shares
Stock options
44,494
46,200
46,512
46,613
44,839
Restricted stock awards
1,254
Restricted stock units
5,931
6,169
Redeemable convertible preferred stock
241,190
240,912
240,911
240,912
240,911
Total
287,140
288,060
294,352
288,546
300,738
F-70
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Unaudited Pro Forma Net Loss per Share
The  following table presents the calculation of pro forma basic and diluted  net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders for the period indicated (in thousands, except per share  amounts):
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2020
Numerator:
Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders
Denominator:
Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
Pro forma adjustment to reflect the assumed conversion of the redeemable convertible preferred stock to Class B common stock
Pro  forma adjustment to reflect the issuance of Class B common stock  upon the assumed vesting of the RSUs with liquidity-event performance-based  vesting conditions, net of shares withheld for tax obligations
Pro forma weighted-average shares used in computing pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
Pro forma net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted
Note 16. Employee Benefit Plan
The  Company maintains a 401(k) defined contribution benefit plan that  covers substantially all of its domestic employees. The plan allows U.S. employees to make voluntary
pre-tax
contributions in certain investments at the discretion of the employee,  up to maximum annual contribution limits established by the U.S.  Department of Treasury. The Company matched a portion of employee contributions totaling $4.9 million,  $8.3 million, $20.6 million, $13.0 million, and $16.6 million  for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and nine  months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited), respectively. Both employee contributions and the  Company’s matching contributions are fully vested upon contribution.
Note 17. Related Party Transactions
An  executive officer of the Company served on the board of directors of a  payment processing vendor. The Company is party to a merchant agreement with the vendor whereby the Company earns transaction fees and  incentives for offering its services to its customers in certain  markets and satisfying certain base requirements pursuant to the  agreement. The Company applies the transaction fees and incentives received to partially offset the merchant fees  charged by the vendor. Net expense with this vendor was  $25.8 million, $19.5 million, $130.8 million, $73.7  million, and $156.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, nine months ended September 30,  2019 and 2020 (unaudited), respectively, and was included in cost of  revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. As of  December 31, 2018 and 2019, amounts due to this vendor were not material and $17.9 million, respectively.
F-71
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
This individual was an executive officer of the Company until March 1,  2020, at which time this individual ceased being an executive officer  and was appointed to the Company’s board of directors (unaudited).
Note 18. Geographic Information
The  following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue by geography,  determined based on the location of the host’s listing (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
Nine Months Ended
September 30,
2017
2018
2019
2019
2020
(unaudited)
United States
777,302
1,190,719
1,770,550
1,338,609
1,176,522
International (1)
1,784,419
2,461,266
3,034,689
2,359,834
1,342,413
Total revenue
2,561,721
3,651,985
4,805,239
3,698,443
2,518,935
No individual international country represented 10% or more of the Company’s total revenue for years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited).
The following table sets forth the breakdown of long-lived assets based on geography (in thousands):
December 31,
September 30,
2018
2019
2020
(unaudited)
United States
262,506
547,288
491,137
Ireland
26,181
86,405
75,450
Other international
20,721
53,174
49,106
Total long-lived assets
309,408
686,867
615,693
Tangible  long-lived assets as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and September  30, 2020 (unaudited) consisted of property and equipment and operating lease ROU assets. Long-lived assets  attributed to the United States, Ireland, and other international  geographies are based upon the country in which the asset is located.
Note 19. Restructuring (Unaudited)
During  the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the Company experienced  significant economic challenges associated with a severe decline in  bookings, resulting primarily from COVID-19 and overall global travel  restrictions. To address these impacts, in May 2020, the Company’s  management approved a restructuring plan to realign the Company’s  business and strategic priorities based on the current market and economic conditions as a result of COVID-19. This  worldwide restructuring plan included a 25% reduction in the number of  full-time employees, or approximately 1,800 employees, as well as a  reduction in the contingent workforce and amendments to certain commercial agreements. For the nine months ended  September 30, 2020, the Company incurred $137.0 million in restructuring  charges, of which $97.9
F-72
Airbnb, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
million was related to severance and other employee costs, $25.3 million  was related to lease impairments, and $13.8 million was primarily  related to contract amendments and terminations. These expenses are included in restructuring charges in the Company’s  consolidated statements of operations, and unpaid amounts are included  in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on its consolidated  balance sheets. While some of these activities are ongoing and are expected to be completed during 2021, the  majority of these actions were completed by September 30, 2020. As of  September 30, 2020, the remaining liability for restructuring-related  costs was not material.
Note 20. Subsequent Events
The  Company has evaluated subsequent events through March 3, 2020, the date the  annual consolidated financial statements were available for issuance,  and with respect to the stock split discussed in Note 2, through October  26, 2020.
Note 21. Subsequent Events (Unaudited)
The  Company has evaluated subsequent events through November 16, 2020,  the date the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements were available for issuance.
On  November 4, 2020, in connection with the Company’s IPO, the Company’s  board of directors amended all awards outstanding under the Company’s 2008 Plan and 2018 Plan to settle into  Class A common stock, rather than into Class B common stock, excluding  the stock options held by individuals holding at least 1% of the  Company’s outstanding capital stock. Holders of Class A common stock have the right to exchange on one  occasion such Class A common stock for Class B common stock until such  time the Class A common stock is transferred, unless transferred to a  permitted transferee.
On  November 10, 2020, the board of directors approved an amendment to  the 2018 Plan to provide that awards covering either shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock may be granted under the 2018 Plan  and to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance pursuant to  the 2018 Plan.
Equity Incentive Plans
Since October  1, 2020, 2,145,780 stock options and 14,723,720 RSUs have been issued,  which are subject to a service-based vesting condition. The RSU awards  included a multi-year equity award of 12 million RSUs to the Company’s  Chief Executive Officer (“CEO Award”). The CEO Award will only vest if after commencing trading  on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the price of the Company’s Class A  common stock reaches certain stock-price hurdles that are significantly  in excess of the Company’s current valuation over a ten-year period and is subject to  continued service as the Company’s chief executive officer. The CEO  Award is divided into ten equal tranches with each tranche becoming  eligible to vest on each of the ten anniversaries from the grant date. Shares issuable under the CEO  Award will be issued on the second anniversary after they become vested,  except for amounts to cover any taxes due in connection with vesting,  with shares withheld to cover or offset such taxes.
F-73
Airbnb, Inc.
Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
The  tables below detail the activity of the customer receivable reserve,  insurance liabilities, and the valuation allowance on deferred tax  assets for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019 (in thousands):
Balance at
Beginning of
Period
Charged to
Expenses
Charges
Utilized/
Write-Offs
Balance at
End of Period
Customer Receivable Reserve
Year Ended December 31, 2017
21,079
30,876
(25,274
26,681
Year Ended December 31, 2018
26,681
49,028
(49,743
25,966
Year Ended December 31, 2019
25,966
77,053
(51,708
51,311
Balance at
Beginning of
Period
Additions for
Current Period
Changes in
Estimates for
Prior Periods
Net Payments
Balance at
End of Period
Insurance Liabilities
Year Ended December 31, 2017
1,246
26,743
4,414
(20,818
11,585
Year Ended December 31, 2018
11,585
66,884
3,775
(38,332
43,912
Year Ended December 31, 2019
43,912
130,559
(7,140
(94,558
72,773
Balance at
Beginning of
Period
Charged
(Credited) to
Expenses
Charged to
Other
Accounts
Balance at
End of Period
Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets
Year Ended December 31, 2017
116,954
(31,579
57,239
142,614
Year Ended December 31, 2018
142,614
47,598
190,583
Year Ended December 31, 2019
190,583
824,628
8,794
1,024,005
F-74
Thank  you to the millions of guests who have stayed with us — including  Michael, Kat, and Amol, who gave us hope that the idea of strangers staying in each other’s homes wasn’t so crazy after all.
Michael, Kat, and Amol, our first guests
Through  and including, (The 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all  dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to  deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers obligation to  deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to  their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
Part II
Information Not Required in Prospectus
Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.
The  following table sets forth the costs and expenses, other than the  underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us, in connection  with the sale of our Class A common stock being registered. All amounts are  estimates except for the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  registration fee, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”)  filing fee, and the Nasdaq Global Select Market listing fee.
SEC registration fee
$109,100
FINRA filing fee
150,500
Nasdaq Global Select Market listing fee
Printing fees and expenses
Legal fees and expenses
Accounting fees and expenses
Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses
Miscellaneous fees and expenses
Total
$            *
To be provided by amendment.
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
We  expect to adopt a restated certificate of incorporation, which will  become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering  and will contain provisions authorized by the General Corporation Law of the  State of Delaware (the “Delaware General Corporation Law”) that limit  the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages to the  fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable  to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary  duty as directors, except liability for the following:
any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders;
any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions in violation of Delaware law; or
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
Any  amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or  reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission,  or claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the  Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further  limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then  the personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest extent permitted by the Delaware  General Corporation Law.
Section 145  of the Delaware General Corporation Law, among other things, grants a Delaware corporation the power to, and  authorizes a court to award, indemnification and advancement of  expenses to officers, directors, and other corporate agents.
II-1
We  expect to adopt amended and restated bylaws, which will become  effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering and will provide that we will indemnify,  to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a  party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or  proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of our directors or officers or is or was serving at  our request as a director or officer of another corporation,  partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise. Our amended and  restated bylaws are expected to provide that we may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who  is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action,  suit, or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one  of our employees or agents or is or was serving at our request as an employee or agent of another  corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise. Our  amended and restated bylaws will also provide that we must advance  expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or  proceeding, subject to very limited exceptions.
In  addition, the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that to the extent a present or former  director or officer of the corporation has been successful on the merits  or otherwise in defense of any generally indemnifiable action, suit, or  proceeding, that such person will be indemnified by the corporation against expenses (including  attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in  connection with such action, suit, or proceeding. For any acts or  omissions occurring after December 31, 2020, the officers referenced in the immediately preceding sentence  could be more limited as a matter of Delaware law.
Further,  we have entered into or intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our  directors, executive officers, and certain other employees. Subject to  certain limitations, these indemnification agreements will require us,  among other things, to indemnify such directors and executive officers for certain expenses and against  certain liabilities including, among other things, attorneys’ fees,  judgments, fines, and settlement amounts actually and reasonably paid or  incurred by such director or officer in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of their services  as a director or officer or any other company or enterprise to which  the person provides services at our request. Subject to certain  exceptions, these indemnification agreements will also require us to advance certain expenses (including  attorneys’ fees and disbursements) actually and reasonably paid or  incurred by these persons in advance of the final disposition of the  action, suit, or proceeding. We believe that these indemnification agreements are necessary to attract  and retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and executive  officers.
The  limitation of liability and indemnification provisions that are  expected to be included, or are included, in our restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and in indemnification  agreements that we enter into with our directors and executive officers  may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our  directors and executive officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of  derivative litigation against our directors and executive officers, even  though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other  stockholders. Further, a stockholder’s investment may be harmed to the extent that we pay the costs of  settlement and damage awards against directors and executive officers as  required by these indemnification provisions. At present, we are not  aware of any pending litigation or proceeding involving any person who is or was one of our directors,  officers, employees, or other agents or is or was serving at our request  as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation,  partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, for which indemnification is sought, and we are not  aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for  indemnification.
We  expect to obtain insurance policies under which, subject to the  limitations of the policies, coverage is provided to our directors and  executive officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach
II-2
of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or executive  officer, including claims relating to public securities matters, and to  us with respect to payments that may be made by us to these directors and executive officers pursuant to our indemnification  obligations or otherwise as a matter of law.
Certain of our
non-employee
directors may, through their relationships with their employers, be  insured and/or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in their  capacity as members of our board of directors.
The  form of underwriting agreement for this initial public offering  provides for indemnification by the underwriters of us and our officers  and directors who sign this registration statement for specified  liabilities, including matters arising under the Securities Act of 1933,  as amended (the “Securities Act”).
Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
Since June 30, 2017, we made sales of the following unregistered securities:
Plan-Related Issuances
Since June 30,  2017, we granted to our employees, consultants, and other service  providers options to purchase an aggregate of 442,142 shares of our  Class B common stock under our 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (“2008  Plan”), at exercise prices ranging from $45.92 to $49.78 per share.
Since  June 30, 2017, we issued and sold to our employees, consultants,  and other service providers an aggregate of 5,722,204 shares of our Class B common  stock upon the exercise of stock options under our 2008 Plan, at  exercise prices ranging from $0.0021 to $29.96 per share, for a  weighted-average exercise price of $4.77 and aggregate consideration of approximately $27.3 million.
Since  June 30, 2017, we granted to our employees, consultants, and other service providers options to purchase an aggregate of 9,783,676 shares  of our Class B common stock under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan  (“2018 Plan”), at exercise prices ranging from $4.82 to $63.30 per  share.
Since  June 30, 2017, we issued and sold to our employees, consultants,  and other service providers an aggregate of 10,938 shares of our Class B common stock upon the exercise of stock options under our  2018 Plan, at exercise prices ranging from $4.82 to $52.70 per share,  for a weighted-average exercise price of $19.41 and aggregate  consideration of approximately $0.2 million.
Since  June 30, 2017, we granted to our employees, consultants, and other  service providers options to purchase an aggregate of 290,236 shares of our Class A common stock under our  Hotel Tonight, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (“2011 Plan”), at  exercise prices ranging from $17.51 to $26.19 per share.
Since  June 30, 2017, we issued and sold to our employees, consultants,  and other service providers an aggregate of 32,204 shares of our Class A common stock upon the exercise of stock options under our  2011 Plan, at exercise prices ranging from $17.51 to $26.19 per share,  for a weighted-average exercise price of $22.73 and aggregate  consideration of approximately $0.7 million.
Since June 30, 2017, we granted to our employees, consultants, and other service providers restricted stock units, representing an aggregate of 4,706,252 shares of our Class B common stock, under our 2008 Plan.
Since  June 30, 2017, we granted to our employees, consultants, and other service providers restricted stock  units, covering an aggregate of 80,555,300 shares of our Class B  common stock, under our 2018 Plan.
Since  June 30, 2017, we granted to our employees, consultants, and other  service providers restricted stock units, representing an aggregate of 56,552 shares of our Class A common stock, under our 2011 Plan.
II-3
The  offers, sales, and issuances of the securities described above were  deemed to be exempt from registration under Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act as  transactions under compensatory benefit plans and contracts relating to  compensation, or under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a  transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of such securities were our directors,  employees, or bona fide consultants and received the securities under  our equity incentive plans. Appropriate legends were affixed to the  securities issued in these transactions.
In  connection with this offering, our board of directors amended all  awards outstanding under our 2008 Plan and 2018 Plan to settle into Class A common stock, excluding the stock options held by  individuals holding at least 1% of our outstanding capital stock which  were granted prior to June 30, 2017. The information above does not  reflect this amendment to the outstanding equity awards granted under our 2008 Plan and 2018 Plan.
Warrants
Since  June 30, 2017, we issued and sold to investors an aggregate of  237,756 shares of our Class B common stock upon the exercise of warrants, for an exercise price of $0.00005 per share. We received  aggregate consideration of $12.
On  October 31, 2017, we issued to a service provider a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 68,572 shares of  our Class A common stock at an exercise price of $0.005. On  March 28, 2018, the warrant was exercised to purchase 54,856 shares  of our Class A common stock, and on December 12, 2018, the warrant was exercised to purchase 13,716  shares of our Class A common stock. We received aggregate  consideration of $343.
On  April 17, 2020, we issued to investors warrants to purchase an  aggregate of 7,934,794 shares of our Class A common stock at an  exercise price of $28.355.
The  offers, sales, and issuances of the securities described above were  deemed to be exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506 of Regulation D  under the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a  public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these  transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with  any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the  securities issued in these transactions. Each of the recipients of  securities in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under  the Securities Act.
Acquisitions
On  December 10, 2018, we issued 91,896 restricted shares of our  Class A common stock to securityholders of Luckey S.A.S. (“Luckey”) in connection with the acquisition of Luckey.
On  April 15, 2019, we issued 3,176,852 shares of our Class A  common stock and 188,424 restricted shares of our Class A common stock to  securityholders of Hotel Tonight, Inc. (“HotelTonight”) in connection  with the acquisition of HotelTonight.
On  August 5, 2019, we issued 581,740 shares of our Class A  common stock and 735,620 restricted shares of our Class A common  stock to securityholders of Urbandoor Inc. (“Urbandoor”) in connection with the  acquisition of Urbandoor.
The  offers, sales, and issuances of the securities described above were deemed to be exempt from  registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule  506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act as a transaction by an  issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the  securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in  connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were  affixed to the securities issued in these
II-4
transactions. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions  was an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation  D under the Securities Act.
None  of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting  discounts or commissions, or any public offering. All recipients had adequate access, through employment, business, or other relationships,  to information about us.
Issuance to Wholly-Owned Host Endowment Fund Subsidiary
On  November 10, 2020, we issued 9,200,000 shares of our Class H common  stock to our wholly-owned subsidiary, Airbnb Host Endowment LLC (the “Host Endowment Fund”), for consideration consisting  of the benefit to the Company related to the purpose of the Host  Endowment Fund.
The  offer, sale, and issuance of the securities described above were deemed  to be exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities  Act under the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a  public offering.
II-5
Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a) Exhibits.
Exhibit
Number
Exhibit Description
1.1*
Form of Underwriting Agreement
3.1*
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as currently in effect
3.2*
Form of Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to be in effect immediately prior to the completion of this offering
3.3*
Bylaws, as currently in effect
3.4*
Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws, to be in effect immediately prior to the completion of this offering
Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 through 3.4
Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate
Amended  and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, dated April 17, 2020, by  and among the Registrant and the investors listed therein
Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock, dated April 17, 2020, issued to Redwood IV Finance 1, LLC
Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock, dated April 17, 2020, issued to SLP Constellation Aggregator II, L.P.
Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock, dated April 17, 2020, issued to TAO Finance 1, LLC
Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock, dated July 22, 2020, issued to TCS Finance (A), LLC
Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock, dated July 22, 2020, issued to TCS Finance 1, LLC
5.1*
Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP
10.1
Lease Agreement, dated June 9, 2017, by and among the Registrant and Big Dog Holdings LLC
10.2
First Amendment to Lease Agreement by and among the Registrant and Big Dog Holdings LLC, effective February 7, 2019
10.3
Office Lease Agreement, dated April 26, 2012, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.4
First Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 10, 2013, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.5
Second Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated May 29, 2014, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.6
Third Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated February 24, 2015, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.7
Fourth Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated May 13, 2015, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.8
Fifth Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated June 14, 2017, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.9
Sixth Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated September 26, 2019, by and among the Registrant and 888 Brannan LP
10.10
Seventh Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, by and among the Registrant and T-C 888 Brannan Owner LLC
10.11(a)#
2008 Equity Incentive Plan
10.11(b)#
Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
10.11(c)#
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
10.12(a)#
2018 Equity Incentive Plan
10.12(b)#
Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan
10.12(c)#
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan
10.13#
Hotel Tonight, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan
10.14(a)#
2020 Incentive Award Plan
II-6
Exhibit
Number
Exhibit Description
10.14(b)#
Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan
10.14(c)#
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan
10.15#
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
10.16#
Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Brian Chesky
10.17#
Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Joseph Gebbia
10.18#
Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Nathan Blecharczyk
10.19#
Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Dave Stephenson
10.20#
Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Aristotle Balogh
10.21#*
Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Catherine Powell
10.22#
Severance Agreement and Release of Claims by and between Registrant and Greg Greeley
10.23#
Letter Agreement, dated March 25, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Belinda Johnson
10.24#*
Non-Employee
Director Compensation Program
10.25#
Form of Indemnification Agreement for Indemnitee
10.26
First  Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated April  21, 2020, by and among the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the  Registrant, the Lenders party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market  Services LLC
10.27
First  Amendment to Second Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated  April  17, 2020, by and among the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the  Registrant, the Lenders party thereto, and Top IV Talents, LLC
10.28
Stock  Transfer Agreement, dated May 21, 2020, by and among the  Registrant, SLP Constellation Aggregator II, L.P. and Belinda Johnson
10.29*
Nominating Agreement,  dated as of                  ,  2020, by and among Brian Chesky, Joe Gebbia, Nathan Blecharczyk and Airbnb, Inc.
10.30*
Voting Agreement, dated  as of                  ,  2020, by and among Brian Chesky, Joe Gebbia, Nathan Blecharczyk and the trust and entities listed therein or which holds or in the future may  hold shares of common stock
21.1
List of Subsidiaries
23.1
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2*
Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1
Power of Attorney (reference is made to the signature page to the Registration Statement)
To be filed by amendment.
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.
II-7
(b) Financial Statement Schedules.
A  financial statement schedule is included in the consolidated financial  statements, which form part of this registration statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 17. Undertakings.
(a)  Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities  Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of  the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the  Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such  indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities  Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other  than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a  director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the  successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person  in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will,  unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by  controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such  indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the  Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such  issue.
(b) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that:
(1)  For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the  information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a  form of prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule  424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be  deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2)  For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act,  each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new  registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and  the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the  initial bona fide offering thereof.
II-8
Signatures
Pursuant  to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the  Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of  San Francisco, State of California, on November 16, 2020.
AIRBNB, INC.
/s/ Brian Chesky
Brian Chesky
Chief Executive Officer
Power of Attorney
KNOW  ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below  constitutes and appoints Brian Chesky, David E. Stephenson, and Rich  Baer, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact
and agents, each with the full power of substitution and  resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and  all amendments to this registration statement (including post-effective  amendments), and to sign any registration statement for the same  offering covered by this registration statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b)  promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all  post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits  thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto  said
attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and  perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and  about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she  might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that  said
attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant  to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this  Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature
Title
Date
/s/ Brian Chesky
Brian Chesky
Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
November 16, 2020
/s/ David E. Stephenson
David E. Stephenson
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
November 16, 2020
/s/ David Bernstein
David Bernstein
Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)
November 16, 2020
/s/ Joseph Gebbia
Joseph Gebbia
Director
November 16, 2020
/s/ Nathan Blecharczyk
Nathan Blecharczyk
Director
November 16, 2020
/s/ Angela Ahrendts
Angela Ahrendts
Director
November 16, 2020
/s/ Kenneth Chenault
Kenneth Chenault
Director
November 16, 2020
II-9
Signature
Title
Date
/s/ Belinda Johnson
Belinda Johnson
Director
November 16, 2020
/s/ Jeffrey Jordan
Jeffrey Jordan
Director
November 16, 2020
/s/ Alfred Lin
Alfred Lin
Director
November 16, 2020
/s/ Ann Mather
Ann Mather
Director
November 16, 2020
II-10